       
  Welcome   2017 Edition    About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films    Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue    Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office   Welcome  2017 Edition   About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films   Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue   Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office  

 Films – Chicoutimi  

  FREE ENTRANCE 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

                                                                             NOVEMBER, 17 2017 | 7:30 pm Language: no dialogues
Time: 20 mins Reality and routine has its own pace and novelty. The place we live in, plays a vital role in our lives, not only because we can be found, but surroundings do shape our behaviour and responses. There are moments where the line between reality and illusion gets blurred and Chafa delves into these blurred lines where we try to figure out what’s better for us, the reality or illusion. NOVEMBER, 17 2017 | 7:30 pm Language: English, Hindi, with French subtitles
Time: 105 mins Seen through the eyes of an innocent, but typical 21st century Indian child born of an inter-religion marriage, A Billion Colour Story is a simple tale, told with a complete absence of frills. It is a story about colour, with colour being at the core of every part of its narrative, while being shot in pristine Black & White. NOVEMBER, 18 2017 | 7:30 pm Language: no dialogues
Time: 10 mins Hellhole is a short silent film based on the life of conservancy workers, better known as gutter cleaners as seen through the life and oft forgotten humanity of one such worker. NOVEMBER, 18 2017 | 7:30 pm Language: Urdu with French subtitles
Time: 81 mins An old man reminisces about a distant homeland. He wants to return. Internally displaced as a result of the ongoing war between the Pakistan army and the Taliban and forced to live in a camp, the family is caught between memories of what life was, an insecure present and a bleak future. NOVEMBER, 19 2017 | 2:00 pm Language: Urdu
Time: 15 mins The School Bag is a drama about surprises we plan and the ones we can’t even imagine. Watch this tale about Faaruq and his mother that will make you question the world we live in. NOVEMBER,19 2017 | 2:00 pm Language: English
Time: 87 mins In 1914, a Singapore-based Sikh known as Baba Gurdit Singh took the SS Komagata Maru on a voyage to transport Indian immigrants over to Canada. Feeling confident due to a large portion of the men having connections to the British Indian Army, Gurdit Singh soon realized that it wasn’t so easy for his men to live in Canada. This was due to an act they weren’t yet aware of: the continuous journey regulation of 1908, which excluded Indians and South Asians from being able to enter the country.