 $24/mo  NationBuilder Software for leaders. Move people to action from $24/mo Nationbuilder Network Unlock the power of your distributed organization Run for Office Gain the knowledge you need to run for elected office 
        Support: 1-213-394-4623  Sales: 1-213-992-4809
 Sales: 1-213-992-4809  Sign in to your nation Access your nation's control panel Sign in to NationBuilder.com Engage with the NationBuilder community on this website Toggle navigation     NationBuilder Software for leaders. Move people to action from $24/mo Nationbuilder Network Unlock the power of your distributed organization Run for Office Gain the knowledge you need to run for elected office nations starting at $24/mo mo Create a custom website, match your email list to social media, send expertly targeted email, process donations, and more... all in one place. Or see features and pricing We need more leaders. And better ones. Wherever you are on your path to leadership, NationBuilder Cities will equip you with valuable tools in real life—starting with events to help you build community, share stories, and gain the skills and training you need to lead in this era. We need more leaders. And better ones. Wherever you are on your path to leadership, NationBuilder Cities will equip you with valuable tools in real life—starting with events to help you build community, share stories, and gain the skills and training you need to lead in this era. Join in a city near you, or contact us and learn how to start a new chapter. Join in a city near you, or contact us and learn how to start a new chapter. Who  else  should we partner with ? What  should  these  meet-ups  deliver so we can bust down barriers and equip each other ? Should we offer regular trainings on fundraising, facilitation, digital organizing and the other things that make leaders successful? Should we host user meet-ups to share best practices for folks on NationBuilder ? Are there other speakers we should engage, or community building events we should host? You asked and we answered! NationBuilder users in the New York area, this is for you! We're inviting any folks interested in learning to use NationBuilder better, or customers with things to troubleshoot to hang together for our first user meet up IRL on July 25th! Members of the NationBuilder team will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to customers to meet each other, share best practices, and support each other as you're doing incredible things IRL!  sign up here  **Tickets are available for $20 per person, which covers a delicious dinner from Lemonade and assorted beer & wine.**  -  This week, Emily Schwartz, VP of Organizing, Hilary Doe, VP of Strategy, and Steve Pawliks, Enterprise Sales Director, will be in Chicago attending NewFounders Conference on Wednesday, October 18th. They would love to connect with you and you can join them at the conference by purchasing a ticket on NewFounders site. If you not able to attend and would just like to find a time for drinks or good conversation, shoot Emily an email at eschwartz@nationbuilder.com or Steve at pawliks@nationbuilder.com. Looking forward to being in the Windy City with you all!   We hope to see you there! We'll have drinks and snacks, but m NationBuilder users in the Melbourne area, this is for you! Join us on Tuesday, November 21 and connect with other customers and fellow leaders over happy hour drinks. NationBuilder users in the Sydney area, this is for you! Join us on Friday, November 24th and connect with other customers and fellow leaders over happy hour drinks.  Emmanuel Macron Founder of La Republique en Marche River LA Activating civic pride AllSaints Engaging customers like campaigners Sophie Walker Founder of  of the Women’s Equality Party Rob Portman for US Senate Appealing to both sides of the aisle Exceed your goals with advanced data analytics, engagement technology, and expert help to get you there. Unlock the power of your distributed organization with a networked infrastructure you can build to scale. Search the first free and public database of all elected offices in the U.S. We need more leaders. And better ones. Wherever you are on your path to leadership, NationBuilder Cities will equip you with valuable tools in real life—starting with events to help you build community, share stories, and gain the skills and training you need to lead in this era. Join in a city near you, or contact us and learn how to start a new chapter. Optional email code NationBuilder LA Launch Event We need more leaders. And better ones. So we're hosting IRL meetups to equip people with the skills they need to lead in this era, tackle the barriers to leadership that are holding us back, and work towards a future where everyone can lead.  Join us for our launch event! We're kicking things off with a facilitated discussion about the challenges we're facing as leaders in LA. What does leadership look like? What's required of us to step up and lead? What barriers are we facing? We'll round out the night with drinks, bites and mingling. Plus, we'll be calling on you to tell us what you need, for instance: Who else should we partner with? What should these meet-ups deliver so we can bust down barriers and equip each other? Should we offer regular trainings on fundraising, facilitation, digital organizing and the other things that make leaders successful? Should we host user meet-ups to share best practices for folks on NationBuilder? Are there other speakers we should engage, or community building events we should host? We're committed to supporting leaders in LA, IRL. We're relying on you to tell us how, so we can't wait to connect with you. event link NationBuilder NYC NationBuilder user meet up You asked and we answered! NationBuilder users in the New York area, this is for you! We're inviting any folks interested in learning to use NationBuilder better, or customers with things to troubleshoot to hang together for our first user meet up IRL on July 25th! Members of the NationBuilder team will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to customers to meet each other, share best practices, and support each other as you're doing incredible things IRL!  event link NationBuilder NYC DISH: A SUPPER CLUB FOR LEADERS Want to build community, swap stories, and probably learn something over a great meal with some incredible leaders? Enter DISH: A supper club for leaders! We're kicking it off with this first 'evening of dinners' in July. RSVP below if you'd like to be a guest at the inaugural meal. You'll be hosted for an intimate evening in a leaders' home, alongside other incredible leaders from across sectors. Break some bread, build some community, and get some fuel to lead more, and better!  If you'd like to volunteer to host a group of leaders for a meal in your home, sign up here and we'll be in touch!!  **Ticket prices go directly to cover the dinner host's costs of providing you with an incredible meal to share with the incredible leaders that will be in your company!**  event link NationBuilder LA NB User Meet Up - Los Angeles  NationBuilder users in the Los Angeles area, this is for you! As the fundraising season approaches, we're inviting anyone interested in using NationBuilder to prepare for your next campaign, or customers with questions about the product to hang together for our first user meet up at NationBuilder HQ on August 10th! Members of the NationBuilder team will be there to answer your questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product. Most importantly, this is a great opportunity for customers to meet each other, share best practices, and support each other as you're doing incredible things in your community!  event url NationBuilder Chicago NationBuilder Chicago Happy Hour NationBuilder users in the Chicago area, this is for you! We're hosting our first meet up IRL for customers and fellow leaders to hang together during happy hour on September 7th! Members of the NationBuilder team will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to meet each other, share best practices, and support one another as you're doing incredible things in your community!   event url NationBuilder LA Dinner and Discussion with NationBuilder LA Want to build community, share stories, and enjoy a great dinner with a diverse group of leaders? Join us for an intimate conversation meal to get to know other members of our community and share what’s important to you as a leader in this political and social climate.  “If you bring people together from different backgrounds, and encourage them to have a one-on-one conversation in which they take off their masks, share part of their lives, and look through each other’s eyes, then you have created a small moment of equality and mutual understanding. And by multiplying these kinds of conversations, you can produce a microcosmic yet potent form of social change. Think of it as changing the world one conversation at a time.” - Theodore Zeldin **Tickets are available for $20 per person, which covers a delicious dinner from Lemonade and assorted beer & wine.** event url NationBuilder Paris Elections 2016-2017 : quelles stratégies de ... Primaires, présidentielles, législatives... Le cycle d'élections qui vient de s’écouler en France en 2016-2017 a été riche et varié en stratégies de mobilisation. Retrouvons nous le 25 septembre pour faire le point, avec des membres d'équipes de candidats qui ont travaillé avec NationBuilder et pas seulement ! L'événement sera divisé en deux parties : une formation dans l'après-midi, suivie d'une discussion avec des intervenants le soir.  Ce sera également l’occasion pour NationBuilder d’organiser son premier événement en France. 16:00 - 18:30 Formation Créer des relations à l’échelle Une formation de 2h30 avec des exercices pour comprendre comment NationBuilder aide à démultiplier son impact dans une campagne (tous niveaux d'expérience) places limitées - 59 euros 19:00  - 21:30 Discussion - débat Elections 2016-2017 : quelles stratégies de mobilisation ? Présentation des résultats de l'étude menée par Jacques Priol de CIVITEO, conduite auprès de très nombreux candidats aux élections législatives issus des formations FI, PCF, PS, EM! et LR. Discussion avec membres des équipes de différentes campagnes.  Eve Zuckerman (LR, AJ, EM)@EveZuckerman Christophe Lys-Septier (NKM)@Creabrazion Aurélie Biancarelli-Lopes (PCF)@aurelielopes13 Luc Belot (PS)@LucBELOT  Inscription gratuite et obligatoire L’événement sera suivi d’un apéritif.   event url NationBuilder LA Hiding in the Bathroom LA Book Release and C... Join us for a special event celebrating the release of Hiding in the Bathroom: An Introvert's Roadmap to Getting Out There (When You'd Rather Stay Home) by Morra Aarons-Mele, founder of the award-winning social change agency Women Online. Morra will be in conversation with NationBuilder’s President Lea Endres (a fellow introvert) on some of the books juiciest topics. They’ll also discuss their unlikely trajectories, decisions and compromises, and how they’re doing their best to lead authentically. Come, ask questions, enjoy appetizers and drinks, and meet incredible people. (And get a copy of Morra’s book!)  Doors open at 6:00 p.m. Conversation begins at 6:30 p.m.     It’s a roadmap for ambitious people who struggle with introversion, anxiety, or just crave a little more control over their work lives. It’s for entrepreneurs and executives alike, because if you’re driven and ambitious, conventional wisdom holds that you must network a lot. You must be always on. You must hustle and work 24-7. You must “get out there.” You must have a personal brand. You must put business first at all costs.  It’s just not true. There is no one kind of successful person. You can be the kind of success you want to be, and you can have a powerful career that sustains you- the real you. Here’s the truth: success takes skill- it’s not an inherent gift. And it’s not the exclusive provenance of extroverts or the carefree.  Built on my decade of experience as a “hermit entrepreneur” and over 120 interviews, Hiding in the Bathroom shares skills, effective strategies, and real stories from people who’ve been there, and thrived by defining their own rules. We tackle the sometimes thorny emotions that accompany a big career, and help you create a plan for success that feels great.   event url NationBuilder LA Women's Conference The NationBuilder Women’s Conference is a highly facilitated, highly curated experience about and for women who are leading. Our day together in London will not be a typical conference with long keynote speeches or panels. We will share our stories, build community, and dig deep with each other -- combining rigorous fact-based knowledge with the power of narrative wisdom. The conference will take place at The Apartment at the Hoxton in Shoreditch. The program starts promptly at 9:00am (registration begins at 8:30am) on Saturday the 24th and we will end at 6:30pm. The experience stacks on top of itself, so trust us, you won't want to miss a minute. As our past participants have said, it's kind of hard to put what the conference is like into words. So we asked them to share just one that summed up their experience, and this is what they said: nourishing, inspiring, activating, grounding, transformational, life-altering, bolstering, invigorating, and extraordinary. If you have a deep yearning to talk about the things that matter - the nuanced and complex and deep issues that never get talked about anywhere else, this is your space. If you care, more than you can put into words, about women and leadership and how we make it possible so all women (and all people) can lead - this is your classroom. If you want to feel deeply connected with people you’d never normally speak to - this is your community. We can’t wait to be with you. NationBuilder LA Whiskey and Text Messaging Very few customers use NationBuilder’s built-in text messaging features to their full potential. Join Josh Gray-Emmer from BridGE for a combo whiskey tasting and interactive text messaging demo and learn how to knock it out of the park while enjoying some fantastic bourbon and scotch. Learn how to activate audiences, ask complex questions of supporters using keywords, and grow your base. This event is totally free, but we strongly suggest that you use Metro/Uber/Lyft to attend, as alcohol will be served. Doors will open at 5:30pm   Our host Josh Gray-Emmer is the Founder and CEO of BridGE, a firm that helps DTLA businesses reach residents, and NationBuilder customers with strategy and execution. He's also a 24 year veteran of The Sundance Film Festival and the founder of three successful companies.  event url NationBuilder Chicago NationBuilder’s Leadership Team Members in C... This week, Emily Schwartz, VP of Organizing, Hilary Doe, VP of Strategy, and Steve Pawliks, Enterprise Sales Director, will be in Chicago attending NewFounders Conference on Wednesday, October 18th. They would love to connect with you and you can join them at the conference by purchasing a ticket on NewFounders site. If you not able to attend and would just like to find a time for drinks or good conversation, shoot Emily an email at eschwartz@nationbuilder.com or Steve at pawliks@nationbuilder.com. Looking forward to being in the Windy City with you all!   event url NationBuilder Boston NationBuilder Boston Happy Hour NationBuilder users in the Boston area, this is for you! We're hosting our first meet up for customers and fellow leaders to connect with each other during happy hour on October 19th! Our Sr. Enterprise Account Manager, Sorcha Rochford, will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to meet each other, share best practices, and support one another as you're doing incredible things in your community! event url NationBuilder Brussels What Can We Learn from Online Movements? We are excited to invite you to join us Monday 23rd October at 12:00pm for a panel lunch and networking event we are organising with our friends and partners at Beekeeper Group. The political landscapes on both sides of the Atlantic have seen tremendous changes over the past several years with the rise of online movements and their impact at the ballot box and influence over legislators, political campaigns and decision-makers. These groups have used digital tools, social media and new tactics to harness the passion of their supporters and channel it towards collective action. Our session will discuss what we can learn from these movements and how we can leverage the best of their communications, tools and advocacy tactics for the advocacy campaigns we work on for organisations in Brussels. Whether you work for an NGOS, a trade association, a federation or a corporation this session is for you.  A light lunch will be provided which will include some food and drinks for our guests. event url NationBuilder DC NationBuilder DC Happy Hour NationBuilder users in the DC area, this is for you! We're hosting a meet up for customers and fellow leaders to connect with each other during happy hour on October 25th! Members of the NationBuilder team will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to meet each other, share best practices, and support one another as you're doing incredible things in your community! event url NationBuilder NYC Yea! Year End Appeal Bootcamp You're invited to a community workshop on end-of-year giving campaigns, hosted by NationBuilder NYC and our partners at Mosaic Strategies Group. Please join us on Wednesday, November 1st at Civic Hall. We'll discuss how to exceed your 2017 and 2018 fundraising goals by leveraging technology. Learn how to ignite your donor base via hyper-targeted digital outreach, action based design, and personalized communication. We hope to see you there! event url NationBuilder LA Community Dinner with NationBuilder LA Join us for an evening of community, ceremony and leadership at the home of the Cohen family in Northridge, CA. NationBuilder Cities is committed to teaching leadership best practices to fellow leaders in the community, and this month’s event introduces leadership and community-building through the family unit. As a family with six children and counting, the Cohens have cultivated a healing home for many members of their community. This November, they thought to bring NationBuilder’s leaders into a more intimate home setting and model their way of leading and holding space for community work. The evening will begin with a communal meal, followed by a community council in which the Cohen's will introduce the way they hold space.  The Cohens will prepare traditional Middle Eastern dishes, and additionally please contact Ayelet for what food offering you can  bring (drinks, salads, etc.) so we can coordinate a meal for everyone. Vegetarian options will be available as well, but please let us know if you have any other dietary restrictions.  We hope to see you there! event url NationBuilder Vancouver NationBuilder Vancouver Happy Hour Calling all Vancouver area NationBuilders! Join Victoria, Irene, and members of the NationBuilder ecosystem (who are experts on the product) for happy hour on November 15th. We'll have drinks and snacks, but most importantly, you'll get to meet us and each other, share best practices, and support one another as you're doing incredible things in your community! event url NationBuilder Toronto NationBuilder Toronto Happy Hour NationBuilder Toronto is launching! We're hosting our first meet up for customers and fellow leaders to connect with each other during happy hour on Friday, November 17th! Our Sr. Enterprise Account Manager, Sorcha Rochford, will be there to answer questions, as well as members of the NationBuilder ecosystem who are experts on the product. We'll have drinks and snacks, but most importantly, this is a great opportunity to meet each other, share best practices, and support one another as you're doing incredible things in your community! event url NationBuilder Melbourne Melbourne Community Meet Up NationBuilder users in the Melbourne area, this is for you! Join us on Tuesday, November 21 and connect with other customers and fellow leaders over happy hour drinks. Our VP of Organizing, Emily Schwartz, our Regional Director - APAC, Joe Raphael, and members of the NationBuilder expert ecosystem will be there to answer questions and share knowledge about our software. We'll have drinks and snacks, but most importantly, you'll get to meet us and each other, compare notes on  best practices, and support one another as you lead in your community. event url NationBuilder Sydney Sydney Community Meet Up NationBuilder users in the Sydney area, this is for you! Join us on Friday, November 24th and connect with other customers and fellow leaders over happy hour drinks. Our VP of Organizing, Emily Schwartz, our Regional Director - APAC, Joe Raphael, and members of the NationBuilder expert ecosystem will be there to answer questions and share knowledge about our software. We'll have drinks and snacks, but most importantly, you'll get to meet us and each other, compare notes on  best practices, and support one another as you lead in your community. event url Optional email code