 Help Center Contact us  Contact us Host videos Upload Updating your video detailsYou can update your video's title, description, and language on the Basic tab in your video settings. Titles can be a maximum of 128 characters and descriptions can be a maximum of 5000 characters.  If you'd like to create a custom URL for your video, head to the Advanced tab in your video settings. The format of custom video URLs is vimeo.com/username/thecustompart. For example, a video on our staff account about the Vimeo player has the custom URL: vimeo.com/staff/player. Changing the thumbnail of your video To change your thumbnail, go to the video's individual page and click Settings beneath the video player. From there, scroll down to the Thumbnails section. You've got three options for picking your perfect image:  Clicking the Choose icon will allow you to scroll through the entirety of your video to select a specific frame. When you find the image you like, click it to select it and then click Use this frame.  We'll generate eight thumbnails for you when you click the Random icon. If you don't see anything you like, just click See more options and we'll cook up eight new images for you to peruse. Once you find the frame you like, click Use this thumbnail. Want to upload your own thumbnail image? Go for it!  Clicking the Upload icon will allow you to choose a JPG, GIF, or PNG file from your computer. We recommend uploading an image with the same resolution as your video for optimal awesomeness. Add a new photo Add Was this article helpful?  Can't find what you're looking for?   Made for creators, by creators Compare plans Vimeo Plus Vimeo PRO Vimeo Business About Vimeo Blog Upload Sell videos TM + © 2016 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Copyright Cookies Language 

                  Deutsch
                

                  Español
                

                  Français
                

                  日本語
                

                  한국어
                

                  Português
                
 You can update your video's title, description, thumbnail, privacy, embed customizations and more from its settings. To edit your video's settings, click the Settings button beneath the player on your video page. Updating your video detailsYou can update your video's title, description, and language on the Basic tab in your video settings. Titles can be a maximum of 128 characters and descriptions can be a maximum of 5000 characters.  If you'd like to create a custom URL for your video, head to the Advanced tab in your video settings. The format of custom video URLs is vimeo.com/username/thecustompart. For example, a video on our staff account about the Vimeo player has the custom URL: vimeo.com/staff/player. Changing the thumbnail of your videoTo change your thumbnail, go to the video's individual page and click Settings beneath the video player. From there, scroll down to the Thumbnails section. You've got three options for picking your perfect image:  Adding credits to your videoOn the Basic tab of your video settings, scroll down to the "Credits" section. By default, you (the video owner) are listed in the credits. You can add someone to your video's credits by clicking the +Add credit link and entering their name, role, and Vimeo profile link or email address. If you follow the person you are crediting on Vimeo, entering their name will auto-populate their Vimeo profile link. Hit the "Add this credit" button, save your changes, and the credit will now appear on your video page. You can remove a credit at any time by going back to the Basic tab in your video settings, clicking the red X next to name of the person you want to remove, and saving your changes. ✦ Replacing your videoIf you would like to upload a new version of your videos, but keep the URL, stats, likes, and comments associated with its video page, use the "Replace this video" feature. On the Video File tab of your video settings, click the "Replace this video" button to upload a new video file while keeping the video page's URL, stats, likes, comment, tags, and all the other information associated with the video. ✦ Deleting your videoYou can delete your video by going to the Video File tab of your video settings, and clicking the red “Delete this video” button. You’ll need to enter your account password to complete the deletion of your video.  To delete more than one video in one swift action, pay a visit to our handy video manager. Select the videos you’d like to remove from Vimeo, choose Delete from the right hand side, then enter your password and confirm the action. ​ Any videos you delete will be permanently removed from Vimeo. This action cannot be undone. Be careful out there! ✦ Adding photos to your video pageSelect the Advanced tab in your video settings and click "Add a new photo." Paste the URLs for the Flickr or Instagram photos you'd like to add, separating URLs by commas, and then click Add. Make sure your photos are public before you add them here, or else they won't show up!    