 

  

  Open Menu Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag   Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Search apple.com/ca Shopping Bag   


    MacBook $1659 MacBook Air $1129 MacBook Pro $1659 iMac $1329 Mac Pro $3249 Mac mini $579 Trade in your current Mac and get up to $2000 in credit. iPad Pro $839 iPad $429 iPad mini 4 $529 Learn more Learn more 
AppleCare Protection Plan Carefully selected to help you get the most from your Apple products. Shop now Buy the Pro Apps Bundle Now  See what’s happening nearby Be part of Apple while you’re still getting your degree — work at the Apple Store, join as an intern or apply for a scholarship. Find opportunities at Apple Apple Store App
                              Apple Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Visit an Apple Store call 1 800 MY-APPLE, or find a reseller 1 800 MY-APPLE Find the perfect gear for the classroom and beyond. Available to current and newly accepted university students and their parents, as well as teachers and staff at all levels.* Save with education pricing on all Mac models. 
					One more reason it’s a great time to buy a new Mac. 
				 
Learn more Trade in your current Mac and get up to $2000 in credit.
 Save with education pricing on all iPad models. Accessories 
				Know what’s next. Now.
			 
				Get the full Apple Music experience at a price made just for students.2
 
Learn more
 
Try it free for three months3
 Unleash your creative potential with the Pro Apps Bundle for qualifying students, teachers and education institutions. Get all five professional applications for video and music at a special price — including Final Cut Pro X, Motion and Compressor, along with Logic Pro X and MainStage.  BuyBuy the Pro Apps Bundle Now Discover inspiring sessions to amplify your love of music, make the most of every picture, or take your coding to the next level. Happening every day at Apple. See what’s happening nearby See what’s happening nearby 1. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit. More specific details are available from Apple’s approved partner for the trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. Not all devices are eligible for credit. Payments are based upon the received device matching the description you provided when your estimate was made. Trade-in amount will vary depending on condition and type of computer you trade in. 2. University students only. Verification required. 3. New subscribers only. Plan automatically renews after trial. More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1 800 MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. 
                    Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc.  All rights reserved.
                 
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSales and RefundsSite Map 