      events.hivecafecoop [at] gmail.com events.hivecafecoop gmail.com     childcollegemac [at] gmail.com childcollegemac gmail.com childcollegemac [at] gmail.com childcollegemac gmail.com      info [at] hitthebooks.ca info hitthebooks.ca  info [at] hitthebooks.ca info hitthebooks.ca 32 21 11 0 0 19 13 6 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 13 13  Compuer assistant to help solve computer problems. Entry level job. The applicant should be reliable and responsible. Please also send your references to me . To help me   Apply to be the new Hive Café Solidarity Cooperative Events Coordinator!Position: Hive Café Solidarity Cooperative Events CoordinatorHours: 9 administrative hours per weekLocation: SGW and Loyola Hive Café Co-op locationsDeadline to apply: December 5, 2017 at 10:00 AMSalary : 16.75$ / hourMission of Hive Café Solidarity Co-op:The mission of the Hive Cafe Solidarity Co-op is to be a model food system at Concordia University that provides food through sustainable practices and empowers the student community.Job Description:The Events Coordinator is responsible for the booking process and administration of all events occurring in both the SGW and Loyola Hive Café Cooperative Café spaces. This role includes coordinating and scheduling events at the Hive Cafe Co-op for student and community groups; receiving and processing all booking forms and event paperwork; submitting event paperwork form to approval with Concordia security; responding to emails and communicating in a timely manner, all while contributing the mission of the Hive Café Solidarity Cooperative.Booking Coordinator Responsibilities:-Check and respond to emails in a timely manner, usually within 24h from Monday to Friday.-Keep track of all events to ensure there are no double bookings in shared Google drive.-Ensure all required forms are signed and returned within university deadlines.-Forward all signed documents to Concordia Security's Event Analysis.-If the event is outside of the operational hours of the cafe the coordinator shall schedule a worker member to supervise the event at $15 per hour, in the case that no one is available the booking officer will take on the role of event supervisor, to be paid at $15 per hour-Maintain records of all events and deposit fees in accordance with Hive administrative guidelines.-Liaise with the Concordia Student Union, Security, Hospitality, and Environmental Health and Safety.-Post supervising opportunities minimum of 7 days in advance.-Help establish, document and update procedures related to space bookings.-Submit supervising hours to finance/administrative coordinator.-Submit hours and relevant items to finance/admin coordinator to create invoices for organizations/groups.-Create and upkeep a community calendar with all booked events.-Ensure that all bookings are covered under The Hive’s insurance or that the group has external insurance that covers the event.-Be informed on all required documentation for individual events including exceptional circumstances (ie food waivers, alcohol permits, minors...etc). -Generate quarterly Event reports for the Hive Café Co-operative Board of Directors, as well as an annual report for the Concordia Student Union.-Ensure that all applicable University event policies are followedJob Requirements:-Be self motivated -Have outstanding time management skills -Be well organized -Be detailed orientated spot inconsistencies in applications -Have good written and spoken English -Be aware of legalities and liabilities of space rental -Be aware of what our insurance covers -Be passionate about food, food sovereignty, and sustainability.-Be able to work as a team and liaise with other coordinators and workers members Assets (recommended, but not required):-Previous Event Coordination Experience -Knowledge of product quality and variety, health and safety regulations, storage, and labeling.-Bilingualism (French/English)-Knowledge of, or a certificate for, Hygiene and Food Safety training as defined by the Ministère de l'Agriculture, des Pêcheries et de l'Alimentation (MAPAQ).-Familiarity with cooperative and non-hierarchical business models-As a student-run co-op, we prioritize candidates be enrolled in a minimum of at least 1 class at Concordia University.Please send us your CV, cover letter, and 2 references to events.hivecafecoop [at] gmail.com by December 5th, 2017 at 10am, with the subject line "Events Coordinator Application". English-1st floor, bright, spacious and renovated 1 1/2, with hardwood floor. -Rent: $630/month (includes: furniture, hot water, fridge and stove)-Laundry Room in the building  -Depaneur in front-Next to buses and metro (Berri/UQAM)-Next to street St.DenisFrançais --Un 1 1/2 avec nouveaux plancher au 1er etage, lumineux, spacieux et rénové.-630$/mois (inclus: furniture, eau chaude, four et frigo)-Buanderie dans l'immeuble-Depanneur enface-A cote de bus et metro (Berri/UQAM)-A cote de St.Denis Looking for a short-term rental in the heart of Montreal?  We are offering our apartment for lease transfer, available in mid-December until April 30, 2018.Live at Le Mille Neuf, a luxury apartment, perfectly situated at the corner of Bleury and Viger, opposite of Place D’Armes Metro and walking distance to Chinatown. Steps from the financial district, Old Montreal, and Quartier des Spectacles, this luxury rental building is home to sophisticated urban living. Enjoy year-round activities in the indoor gym, sauna, party room, and movie room. All appliances are included (dish washer, fridge/freezer, washer, dryer).See the floor plan:   size: One bedroom (3 ½) (690 sq ft)Rent: $1475/monthParking: optional ($160 extra) For rent is a furnished room in a 3 bedroom upper duplex in NDG.   The room is furnished with a single bed, small desk and chair, bureau and a closet.  It is a short walk to the Concordia campus.  At the corner is the 51 bus and closeby are shops, restaurants and parks.  Included is heat, hot water, hydro and unlimited internet.  Common areas are air conditioned, there is satellite tv in the living room plus  there is a small balcony off the kitchen.I do have 2 dogs that shed, so you must be ok with that!    If you would like any more info, please contact me.  Thanks.  
 Normal
  0   false
  false
  false   EN-CA
  X-NONE
  X-NONE  /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0cm;
	mso-para-margin-right:0cm;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:8.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0cm;
	line-height:107%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri",sans-serif;
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman";
	mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;
	mso-fareast-language:EN-US;} Furnished room and private bathroom available in a two-bedroom, two bathroom apartment in Verdun, about 6 minutes from Lasalle metro station. Washer and dryer are in that bathroom and are shared. The room has a double bed. One of the entry closets is also available for you. The building is secure and has a small gym amd a locked bike room. This is a non-smoking apartment. All utilities, WiFi and cable are included. The kitchen is equipped and has a dishwasher and microwave and small appliances are available for use. Looking to rent to a female student only as the owner living in the other bedroom is an 18-year-old female Concordia student. Available January 1, 2018. Lease term negotiable. Hello!If you are struggling with the courses below I can help you:My background: I am a PhD candidate in Financial Economics and a CFA candidate. I have either TA’d or tutored all of the courses below and my experience spans more than five years.ECON 201, 202, 203, 204, 221, 222, 301, 302, 303, 304.FINA 200, 21, 385, 395COMM 215, 217, 220, 308I also provide essay- and paper writing services for Economics, Business, Finance, Social Science.The hourly rate is $35 and I am freely available at your convenience.Feel free to contact me and we can schedule a meeting!I am looking forward to helping you! Job descriptionWe are located in the Richard-J.-Renaud science complex (SP) building at the Loyola campus. We are currently seeking a highly motivated and friendly individual to travel to participants and administer questionnaires, record objective health measures, initiate and explain an activity monitor, and collect saliva and finger-prick blood samples. This position is for approximately 9 -12 months, approximately 20 hours per week with compensation of $20/hour. You will be primarily working with an older adult population, many of them old-old. ResponsibilitiesContact and schedule participants from an ongoing longitudinal studyTravel to participantsGuide them through paper and pencil questionnairesInstruct them on saliva collection procedureMake follow-up callsReturn to participant to pick up questionnaires, activity monitor, saliva samples, and collect height, weight, grip strength, and finger-prick blood samples (you will be trained) RequirementsEnglish and/or French speaking and reading, writing an asset but not necessaryDrivers license and car – you will be compensated for mileageFlexible, able to work independentlyGood organizational skills Description de l’emploi:Nous sommes situés au complexe des sciences Richard-J.-Renaud du campus Loyola. Nous cherchons actuellement une personne très motivée et sympathique afin de rendre visite aux participants d’une étude longitudinale en cours.  La personne sélectionnée aura la responsabilité d’administrer des questionnaires et d’expliquer comment utiliser un accéléromètre (pour mesurer la pratique de l’activité physique) aux participants de l’étude. De plus, elle devra recueillir des échantillons de salive et de sang en piquant le bout du doigt des participants. L’emploi, d’une durée approximative de 9 – 12 mois (enivrons 20 heures/semaine) est assorti d’un horaire souple et d’une rémunération de 20 $/heure. Vous allez travailler principalement avec des personnes âgées, dont plusieurs âgées de 80 ans et plus.   Renovated, fully furnished and equiped kitchenThe rent includes heating, electricity, hot water and internet. Non-smoking only, no pets.Walking distance to Concordia,  close to bus #162,#103 and walking distance to trainAvailable for short term lease and starting in December or January.For further info call 514-999-5251 Hit the Books is a group of Outstanding Graduate Degree / M.Sc. / PhD holders or Candidates and Independent Scholars in different fields. We are proud that our team in Science, Engineering, Languages, and Art are among the Top University Candidates or Graduates in their respective fields. Highly experienced in tutoring, we help students at all levels with all their educational needs, with the highest possible quality and at the most competitive rates.Position: Accounting and Finance TutorDescription: The tutor is assigned to tutor different level accounting and financial courses. Most of our students are High School, CEGEP, university undergraduates, graduates and professionals. We provide one-on-one tutoring as well as small group courses. The tutoring sessions will be scheduled according to the availability our tutors provide, the courses they are confident tutoring, and the demand for tutoring services.Qualifications: Finished or pursuing graduate degree in related field, fluency in English Assets: Graduate degree (M.Eng., PhD) completed or in progress, fluency in English; previous tutoring/TA experience and fluency in French an assetStatus: hourly contract Salary: $17 - $24 per hour, depending on course level and number of students Job starts: ASAP Application Procedure: Please send your CV to info [at] hitthebooks.ca to the attention of Kirsten S, Administrative Assistant We would like to thank all applicants for their interest, however only those who qualify for the position will be contacted Hit the Books: We are a group of outstanding Graduate Degree holders and PhD Candidates in different fields. Our team in Science, Engineering, Languages, and Art are among the Top University Candidates or Graduates in their respective fields. Highly experienced in tutoring, we confidently help our students with all their educational needs. We offer various educational services with the highest possible quality and at the most competitive prices in Montreal area.Position: French tutorDescription: The tutor is assigned to tutor different level French coursesQualifications: Degree holder/student in related fieldsAssets: Previous tutoring experienceWorking conditions:Status: Hourly contractSalary: $17-$24/hrJob starts: ASAPApplication Procedure:Please send your CV to the attention of:Kirsten SAdministrative Assistantinfo [at] hitthebooks.caDeadline for C.V.: Submit CV ASAPIn order to better assess your candidacy, we would like to invite you to fill out our Tutoring Application Form here:  would like to thank all applicants for their interest, however only those who qualify for the position will be contacted. © 2015 Concordia Student Union