 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada            On January 23, 2017, Concordia University Library introduced Emily Kopley as its first 
researcher-in-residence. The move is part of a strategic plan to foster a strong 
research culture within the Library's walls. 
	Read more about Emily Kopley, 2017 researcher-in-residence. The call for applicants for the 2018 researcher-in-residence is now closed. Concordia University is one of Canada's most dynamic universities in one of North America's most livable cities. It reflects a unique blend of commitments to diversity, accessibility, social responsibility, and innovation. With over 46,000 students (6,300 international) and nearly 1,700 full-time and part-time professors, Concordia is recognized for offering a rich academic experience combined with strong community engagement.   This is a time of change for Concordia University Library. A new library space was recently inaugurated in the Grey Nuns Building. A major renovation and expansion project is transforming the Webster Library at the Sir George Williams Campus (downtown), and will be complete in the fall of 2017. An innovative technology program is being developed and will contribute to enhance the students experience in the libraries. Concordia Library recently developed a strategic plan for  2016-2021. Some of the highlights from the plan's goals and objectives include: In light of this, the Concordia Library Researcher-in-Residence program was created to promote research in the library and the use of research by practitioners. The program offers the opportunity for scholars, information professionals, or doctoral students to focus on an area of inquiry in a supportive and enriching environment, and to interact with Concordia Library staff and its resources. The presence of the Researcher-in-Residence in Concordia Library has as one of its goals to foster a culture of research. It is hoped that throughout the residency, both the researcher and staff will become engaged in the use of research in library practice and the concept of evidence-based librarianship. The residency period is from January 1 to December 1, 2018. Proposals which include alternative start dates and those of different duration will also be considered. The inaugural Researcher-in-Residence began in January 2017. More information can be found on the Concordia website. For the second Researcher-in-Residence program, Concordia Library invites proposals relating to any of the Library’s strategic plan goals as well as the following themes: Researchers and practitioners from library and information studies, as well as other disciplines (e.g., anthropology, computer science, education, informatics, media studies, sociology) are welcome to apply.  As part of  the program, Concordia Library will provide: In return,  the Researcher-in-Residence is expected to participate in the intellectual life  of Concordia Library. This participation may take various forms, including: 
  PhD  students, postdoctoral fellows, and full-time members of academic staff are  eligible to apply. The proposed research should make a contribution to the 
  knowledge base of librarianship, libraries, or information studies. Professors  and librarians preparing for a sabbatical are encouraged to apply. 
  Applications  should include information about the applicant, including the expertise brought  to the program: 
  Submissions  will be evaluated by a selection committee composed of the University Librarian  and four librarians using these criteria: The application process opens April 3, 2017. The deadline for receiving the complete application and letters of recommendation is August 4, 2017 by 5:00 PM EDT. Applications may be submitted in either English or French. Applications should be submitted as a single PDF file to Lorie Kloda, Associate University Librarian, Planning & Community Relations, at lib-admin@concordia.ca  Notification  of the successful candidate will be given in September 2017. Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.