 Leave a reply  by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply It is stated in the library code of conduct: “Disruptive noise is not permitted. This includes any noise or activity that disturbs the concentration of other users such as loud talking, noise from electronic devices and long conversations on electronic devices.  In addition, electronic devices should be turned on silent mode throughout the Library.” So why does it feels like I’m in a food court while I’m the university library?
Please find something to stop that… It was super cool until the beginning of this year…   by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply The Grey Nuns Reading Room is by my far my favourite place to study on campus. No other place is as spacious and quiet. However, I study there several times a week and I find myself trying to find an unreserved group room because the room is way too hot.  by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply  by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply temperature  by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply Vanier Library Shut-down Victoria Day / Fête des Patriotes holiday closure  by libsuggestions libsuggestions Leave a reply  by libsuggestions libsuggestions ← Cancel I will be away from the Suggestion Box until Monday, November 20, 2017. If you would like to make any suggestions or comments, please continue to do so. I will read them all upon my return. If you need any immediate assistance, please do not hesitate to use one of our “Ask a Librarian” services! You wrote: It is stated in the library code of conduct: “Disruptive noise is not permitted. This includes any noise or activity that disturbs the concentration of other users such as loud talking, noise from electronic devices and long conversations on electronic devices.  In addition, electronic devices should be turned on silent mode throughout the Library.” So why does it feels like I’m in a food court while I’m the university library?
Please find something to stop that… It was super cool until the beginning of this year…  Thank you for your comment. I am sorry to hear that you’ve been experiencing noisy conditions in the Library.  You are right, the Library Code of Conduct says exactly that.  The libraries are getting busier and busier as the term progresses – we have noted the increase in activity and noise, and have study hall monitors roaming the library to help ensure that rules are being followed. If you encounter an unpleasant library work environment in the future, please do not hesitate to report it using the Ask-a-Librarian Live Chat option (  or in person at the Reference Desk.  If it occurs after service hours, you can alert the security agent. You wrote: The Grey Nuns Reading Room is by my far my favourite place to study on campus. No other place is as spacious and quiet. However, I study there several times a week and I find myself trying to find an unreserved group room because the room is way too hot. Thank you for your message.  I’m happy to hear that you’re enjoying the study space, but sorry to hear that you’ve been dealing with some uncomfortable temperatures. Unfortunately the Grey Nuns Reading Room is not air conditioned.  Consider using one of the new study spaces in the Webster Library if you find the temperature in Grey Nuns to be too warm.  The forecast this weekend and into next week is calling for unseasonably warm temperatures, so the air conditioned spaces in the Webster Library may be a good option until this heat wave passes. A listing of the Library’s silent study spaces can be found here:   I will be away from the Suggestion Box until Monday, June 19, 2017. If you would like to make any suggestions or comments, please continue to do so. I will read them all upon my return. If you need any immediate assistance, please do not hesitate to use one of our “Ask a Librarian” services! We’ve heard from a few of you regarding the temperature of the library buildings. It can be challenging to regulate the temperature in large buildings such as the two libraries at Concordia.  Especially in the Spring when the temperature varies substantially from one day to the next. Furthermore, what is comfortable for one person may be too hot for another and too cold for someone else. Unfortunately, it is also currently very difficult to balance the heating system at Webster Library, while the renovations are taking place. Dressing in layers is always a good idea, so that you can adjust your own level of warmth according to the temperatures in our buildings. Please continue to report specific issues with temperature or ventilation in the library buildings to the Library Feedback blog email or to any service point. We will report these issues to Facilities Management, the department that controls building temperatures on campus:   and ask for adjustments as necessary. We thank you for your patience! Vanier Library Shut-down The Vanier Library will be closed from Monday, May 22, 2017 – Friday, May 26, 2017 (inclusively) due to a power shutdown on the Loyola Campus. The library will reopen at 10 am on Saturday, May 27th. For more information about Vanier Library hours, please consult our website:   Victoria Day / Fête des Patriotes holiday closure Please note that the Webster & Vanier Libraries will be closed on Monday, May 22nd, for Victoria Day / Fête des Patriotes. Both Libraries will close Sunday, May 21 at 9 pm, and the Webster Library will reopen on Tuesday, May 23 at 9 am. Webster Library will be open during this period (May 23-26th), and will be observing ‘late spring hours’:    The entire 3rd floor of Webster Library (including collections and seating areas) will be closed from Friday, April 21, 10 p.m. until Saturday, April 22, 12:00 p.m. (noon), due to a power interruption as part of the renovations.  Library users can continue to take the stairs up the fifth floor. Access to the third floor will resume Saturday at 12:00 noon. Group study rooms on the third floor are unavailable from 10pm Friday, April 21st until 12:30pm Saturday, April 22nd. Thank you for your understanding.    