 Flickr Hero of the Week: Flickr Hero of the Week:“flying in the fog” by robbi falz Flickr Hero of the Week: All together Yoga! by Mirko Pradelli Flickr Hero of the Week: Untitled by Berk Kır Flickr Hero of the Week  Flickr Facebook Google Plus Tumblr Twitter Website Via Flickr: Via Flickr:  Flickr Hero of the Week: Blue Theme by Robert Elia  Flickr Hero of the Week:“flying in the fog” by robbi falz We’re featuring Mikko Lagerstedt on the Flickr Blog! His phenomenal landscapes are out of this world. Read more to find out about his work.   Flickr Hero of the Week:  Drone’s eye view over Wiltshire by Andrea Heribanova Flickr Hero of the Week: Sparkling dew by gregor H  We love your photos and we’re looking for new ways to promote you. Each week, we replace the Cover Photos (aka Hero Images) on our Flickr social media channels, so we thought, why not create a group and seek your submissions directly here.  Flickr Hero of the Week: All together Yoga! by Mirko Pradelli Via Flickr: A Group Yoga lesson in front of the Canadian PArliament, Ottawa, from the top of the Parliament Tower. Bring your Flickr photos to life with a Blurb book! We’re excited to announce our new printing partner. Blurb offers free book creation tools, no matter your skill level, so you can create a wedding album, coffee table book, or magazine as unique as your photography. Get $35 off your first order with your Flickr Pro subscription.  Flickr Hero of the Week: Lighting the Milkyway by Alex Berman.  Flickr Hero of the Week: Untitled by Berk Kır  Via Flickr:“Hevesleri, beklentileri, erteledikleri, kursağında kalmış kelimeleri, kaçırılmış bakışları, gizledikleri, bitirilmemiş mektupları, susuşları ve istemsiz veda edişleriyle tamamlanmamış bir cümledir insan.”
  “A culled man who is not complete with his attitudes, anticipations, postponements, words left in his mouth, missed gazes, secrets, unfinished letters, silence, and involuntary farewells.” Flickr Hero of the Week: Talacre beach by Danny Howarth.  If you want your photos to be considered for a Flickr Hero (aka Cover Photo) feature next week, submit your best images to the Flickr Heroes group pool by Monday morning! Load more posts