 Jump to Sections of this page  Accessibility Help  alt / Home  About  Events  Posts  issuu  Photos  Videos  Reviews  Community  or Community  See All See All About  See All www.concordia.ca/alumni-friends Closed Now People 6,694 likes 6,694 likes likes People Also Like    News & Media Website    College & University College & University Education Education Pages liked by this Page    English (US)  ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   Facebook © 2017 Posts  Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  50 mins 50 mins 50 mins  ·  #CUpride # CUpride #LGBTQ # LGBTQ ...  Lions in Waiting - Sunday, December 3 at 5 p.m. #CUalumni # CUalumni  See More See More See More Opinion: Image + Nation LGBTQ film festival retains its relevanceThree decades after the launch of Image + Nation, seeing ourselves on the silver screen still helps foster community and identity.montrealgazette.com  Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  18 hrs 18 hrs 18 hrs  ·  #hackathon # hackathon #refugees # refugees ... ind a creative technological solution.  #CUalumni # CUalumni #CUpride # CUpride  See More See More See More Photos  Videos  Sunrise to sunset at Concordia  Concordians react to 22-storey Leonard Cohen mural: What they ...  #CUpride: A record number of #CUalumni are heading to city hall following their victories in the municipal elections! 
See the full list at   or below. 

#muni2017 #Montreal #polmtl 

Baie-D'urfé

Maria Tutino, BSc (stats.) 75, GrDip (acct.) 98, mayor

Lynda Phelps, BA (poli. sci.) 81, councillor

Wanda Lowensteyn Baie D'Urfé Councillor Seat 2n, GrDip (art ed.) 84, MFA 90, BFA 84, councillor

Beaconsfield

George Bourelle Mayor of Beaconsfield, BComm 74, mayor

Dominique Godin -Councillor/Conseillère District 1 Beaconsfield, BEng (bldg. eng.) 97, councillor

Roberto Mercuri, BSc (biochem.) 00, councillor

David Newell, BComm (mktg.) 86, councillor

Roger Moss, BComm 75, councillor

 

Boucherville

Jean-François Martel, BSc (psychobio.) 90, mayor

 

Brossard

Michelle Jarnam Hui, BComm (fin.)14, councillor

 

Côte-Saint-Luc

Mike Cohen, BA (journ.) 85, councillor

Mitchell Kujavsky, BComm (acct.) 02, councillor

Ruth Kovac, BA 71, councillor

 

Dollard-Des-Ormeaux

Alex Bottausci, BA (poli. sci.) 94, EMBA 13, mayor

Errol Johnson, BA (poli. sci.) 73, councillor

Colette Gauthier, BComm (human res. mgmt.) 88, councillor

 

Dorval

Christopher Von Roretz, GrCert (bus. admin.) 14, councillor

 

Hampstead

Cheryl Weigensberg, BA (Russian studies) 86, councillor

Warren Budning, BComm (mktg.) 13, councillor

 

Hudson

Jim Duff, attendee 76, councillor

 

Kirkland

Paul Dufort, BA (soc.) 08, councillor

 

Laval

Aglaia Revelakis, BComm (acct.) 87, councillor

Isabella Tassoni, BA (poli. sci.) 14, councillor

Paolo Galati, attendee 88, councillor

David DeCotis, BCSc (info. systems) 97, councillor

 

Town of Mount-Royal

John Miller, BComm 63, councillor

 

Montreal

Lionel Perez, BA (poli. sci.) 92, councillor, CDN/NDG

Marvin Rotrand, BA (hist.) 72, councillor, CDN/NDG

Peter McQueen, BA (econ.) 87, BA (western soc. & cult.) 87, councillor, CDN/NDG

Maja Vodanovic, BFA (studio art) 94, borough mayor, Lachine

Craig Sauvé, BA (western soc. & cult.) 04, councillor, Le Sud-Ouest

Yves Gignac, BComm 79, councillor, Pierrefonds-Roxboro

Stephanie Watt, BA (human environ.) 03, councillor, Rosemont-La Petite-Patrie

Dominic Perri, MA (ed. tech.) 82, councillor, Saint-Léonard
Christine Gosselin, BA 85, councillor, Le Plateau-Mont-Royal

 

Montreal West

Elizabeth Ulin, MBA (bus. admin.) 91, councillor

Colleen Feeney, GrDip (inst. admin.) 95, councillor

Maria Torres, BA (urban studies) 83, BFA 93, councillor

 

Pointe-Claire

Paul Bissonnette, BComm 71, councillor

Cynthia Homan, attendee 05, councillor

Eric Stork, attendee 92, councillor

 

Saint-Lazare

Robert Grimaudo, BA (poli. sci.) 84, mayor

 

Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue

Ryan Young, BFA (cinema) 97, councillor

 

Westmount

Anitra Bostock, BA (ther. rec.) 04, councillor

Kathleen Kez, BComm (mktg.) 86, councillor

Cynthia Lulham, attendee 78, councillor  Reviews  46 Reviews  Caroline Van Vlaardingen  ·  March 20, 2017 Concordia University   prepared me for a career in journalism   and has given me immeasurab  le benefits- from a top notch education to employment   and friendship  ... t will last a lifetime. As a former graduate and now part-time professor at Concordia, I can't say enough about how proud I am to be a lifelong member of the Concordia community. t will last a lifetime. As a former graduate and now part-time professor at Concordia,   See More See More See More  Rita Kotzia  ·  March 15, 2017 I am extremely proud of being a Concordia grad. I completed my BA in Communicat  ions and Journalism   ('95) and its cutting edge curriculum  ... ompetitive market. And just a side note, there's absolutely nothing wrong with promoting a grad who appeared on a show watched by millions. Especially when that grad carried herself with class. No need to post such hateful comments. ompetitive   market. And just a side note, there's absolutely   nothing wrong with promoting a grad who appeared on a show watched by millions. Especially   See More See More See More  Shanna Parisien  ·  March 22, 2017 I am forever grateful for my university   experience  .  As a mature student from Ontario, I wasn't accepted the first time around, but I was given the opportunit  ... to take courses in a specialized program to make up the pre-requisites that were required for my program of choice.  The following semester, I was accepted into the Communications Program and it was this program and the accommodating professors who were flexible with me working full time, that helped me find my niche.  I am proud to be a Concordia alum. to take courses in a specialize  d program to make up the pre-requis  ites that were required for my program of choice.  The following semester, I was accepted into the Communicat  ions Program and it was this program and the accommodat  ing professors   See More See More See More  Robert-Paul Juster  ·  March 16, 2017 My BA in Psychology   at Concordia was an unparallel  ed life changing experience   that equipped me for a career in neuroscien  ... ersity and was recently awarded the prestigious CIHR Banting fellowship for work on stress among transgender individuals who experience much stigma. None of this would have been possible with the wonderful support and training I experienced from Concordia! ersity and was recently awarded the prestigiou  s CIHR Banting fellowship   for work on stress among transgende  r individual  s who experience   much stigma. None of this would have been possible with the wonderful support and training I experience   See More See More See More  ·  November 1, 2017 Very proud to be a Concordia alumna! Surrounded   and supported by a very caring community.   Shelly Fabian  ·  March 15, 2017 I am so proud to call myself A Concordia alumnus. Great school Great people Great atmosphere   Mélodie Anne  ·  February 2, 2017 I loved my time at Concordia!   I'm an Arts and Science (Communica  tion Studies) grad and I also studied in the Faculty of Fine Arts (Computati  ... I really felt that Concordia provided a great base for critical thought as well as practical skills that I use everyday in the workplace. Happy to be part of the Alumni family. I really felt that Concordia provided a great base for critical thought as well as practical skills that I use everyday in the workplace.   See More See More See More  Ryan Miller  ·  March 23, 2017 I had a great experience   as a student at Concordia.   I was fortunate to be accepted into the co-op work study program and to participat  e in JMSB competitio  ... UBG, Commerce Games and Marketing Happening. As a member of these teams I met incredible like minded people that knew how to have a good time and compete. UBG, Commerce Games and Marketing Happening.   As a member of these teams I met incredible   See More See More See More  Sara Rosie  ·  March 15, 2017 Priorities   are way out of wack. Instead of posting about stupid things like who wins The Bachelor, I would love to see things about the accomplish  ments of hard-worki  ng, passionate   ·  March 21, 2017 I really cherish the time I spent at Concordia.   I graduated 22 years ago and still have strong friendship  s with people I met there. It was a very inclusive environmen   Mikala O'Brien  ·  March 15, 2017 Marriage is an achievemen  t? If you graduate here, that is all you should aspire to, Concordia University   has no more uniqueness   or understand   ·  March 16, 2017 I am proud to be an alumnus of Concordia,   a university   that celebrates   diversity and all of its graduates.   Alex Bailey  ·  March 15, 2017 Extremely poor use of funds that demotes and downplays the accomplish  ments of Concordia'   Hamid Akbar  ·  January 8, 2015 Proud to be a  Concordia University  Posts Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  23 hrs 23 hrs 23 hrs  ·  #FeelGoodFriday # FeelGoodFriday ... A8xBQ2 #CUpride # CUpride  See More See More See More Former women’s hockey rivals Ouellette, Chu announce birth of daughterCaroline Ouellette was Canada’s captain at the 2014 Winter Games and Julie Chu captained the U.S. team from 2011 to 2013theglobeandmail.com  Concordia Alumni added 2 new photos. Concordia Alumni added 2 new photos. Concordia Alumni   ·  Yesterday at 5:00am · Montreal Yesterday at 5:00am · Montreal Yesterday at 5:00am  ·   ·  #GivingTuesday # GivingTuesday #BlackFriday # BlackFriday #GivingTuesdayCA # GivingTuesdayCA ... Tuesday  Concordia University John Molson School of Business Concordia University, Faculty of Fine Arts Concordia Engineering FAS - Concordia's Faculty of Arts and Science  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni shared Concordia Stingers's video. Concordia Alumni shared Concordia Stingers's video. Concordia Alumni   ·  November 23 at 12:16pm November 23 at 12:16pm November 23 at 12:16pm  ·  #CUpride # CUpride #TBT # TBT #StingersUnited # StingersUnited It looks like you may be having problems playing this video. If so, please try restarting your browser.CloseHighlights- 🐝🏉MR win RSEQ ChampionshipPosted by Concordia Stingers9,778 Views Highlights- 🐝🏉MR win RSEQ Championship Concordia Stingers 9,778 Views   Concordia Stingers Concordia Stingers   ·  November 13 at 5:00pm November 13 at 5:00pm November 13 at 5:00pm  ·  Album Up, Up, & Away: A journey into sports journalism Up, Up, & Away: A journey into sports journalism Concordia Alumni added 31 new photos — at D. B. Clarke Theatre. Concordia Alumni added 31 new photos — at D. B. Clarke Theatre. Concordia Alumni   ·  November 23 at 9:39am November 23 at 9:39am November 23 at 9:39am  ·  Arpon Basu ... #CUalumni # CUalumni  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  November 23 at 5:00am November 23 at 5:00am November 23 at 5:00am  ·  ...  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  November 22 at 2:16pm November 22 at 2:16pm November 22 at 2:16pm  ·  #CUalumni # CUalumni Group Insurance Rates for Home & Auto | TD InsuranceDiscover savings on insurance policies for groups from TD Insurance. Get a quick and free auto or home insurance quote now.tdinsurance.com  Concordia Alumni shared their album. Concordia Alumni shared their album. Concordia Alumni   ·  November 22 at 9:30am November 22 at 9:30am November 22 at 9:30am  ·  #WomenWednesday # WomenWednesday #CUalumni # CUalumni Concordia Alumni added 79 new photos to the album: Women and Leadership - The Anatomy of Failure, Montreal & Toronto — with Sudha Krishnan and Anne-Marie Croteau in Montreal, Quebec. Concordia Alumni added 79 new photos to the album: Women and Leadership - The Anatomy of Failure, Montreal & Toronto — with Sudha Krishnan and Anne-Marie Croteau in Montreal, Quebec. Concordia Alumni Anne-Marie Croteau   ·  November 22 at 8:51am November 22 at 8:51am November 22 at 8:51am  ·  📷 📷 #Montreal # Montreal #Toronto # Toronto ... erkel to Oprah Winfrey, many leaders have had to build on adversity and rise above career obstacles. This event featured an academic presentation by Kimberley Manning, principal of Concordia's Simone de Beauvoir Institute, followed by an honest discussion among diverse Concordia alumnae who shared the lessons they’ve learned about risk, failure and business success.  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  November 22 at 6:00am November 22 at 6:00am November 22 at 6:00am  ·  Concordia Alumni shared Canadian Marketing Association's photo. Concordia Alumni shared Canadian Marketing Association's photo. Concordia Alumni   ·  November 21 at 1:42pm November 21 at 1:42pm November 21 at 1:42pm  ·  #CUalumni # CUalumni #Toronto # Toronto Canadian Marketing Association Canadian Marketing Association   ·  November 21 at 11:30am November 21 at 11:30am November 21 at 11:30am  ·  #CMAgala # CMAgala Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  November 21 at 10:29am November 21 at 10:29am November 21 at 10:29am  ·  #GivingTuesday # GivingTuesday #Concordia # Concordia ... Concordia faculty and staff keep the spirit of giving alive all year.  📅 📅 #GivingTuesdayCA # GivingTuesdayCA #CampaignforConcordia # CampaignforConcordia  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni added 6 new photos. Concordia Alumni added 6 new photos. Concordia Alumni   ·  November 21 at 6:19am · Montreal November 21 at 6:19am · Montreal November 21 at 6:19am  ·   ·  #CUpride # CUpride ... ior positions in information technology, engineering and management departments in several Fortune 100 companies. In 1999, Leong co-founded ZL Technologies, a software company that empowers large enterprises to manage big data for governance and analytics. He currently resides in the San Francisco Bay Area as his company’s president and CEO. #CUgrad # CUgrad #CUalumni # CUalumni  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni Concordia Alumni   ·  November 21 at 6:00am November 21 at 6:00am November 21 at 6:00am  ·  ... #CUpride # CUpride #CUalumni # CUalumni  See More See More See More Concordia Alumni added 7 new photos — feeling proud with Anne-Marie Croteau. Concordia Alumni added 7 new photos — feeling proud with Anne-Marie Croteau. Concordia Alumni Anne-Marie Croteau   ·  November 20 at 1:50pm November 20 at 1:50pm November 20 at 1:50pm  ·  #CUalumni # CUalumni ... sident of client solutions for Sun Life Financial Canada.  See More See More See More     Facebook                                album                 Share your #CUpride and join us to celebrate 30 years of IMAGE + NATION, Montreal's #LGBTQ film festival. Concordia University will host two screenings at our downtown Sir George Williams Campus.  The festival, which runs from November 23 to December 3, highlights LGBTQ stories from the Montreal community and around the world. You can catch two great films at our J.A. DeSève Cinema, located at 1400 De Maisonneuve Blvd. West:  Venus - Sunday, November 26 at 4:45 p.m.... Lions in Waiting - Sunday, December 3 at 5 p.m.  Learn more about the festival:     Read #CUalumni Richard Bugs Burnett's piece in the Montreal Gazette:    Image+nation. festival cinema lgbt montreal film festival Centre communautaire LGBTQ de Montréal LGBTQ CFF - Concordia Film Festival Massimadi Montréal · Festival des films et des arts LGBTQ afro-caribéens "There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't." If you're one of the types of people who understand this joke then you should check out BlocHacks 2017 this Saturday, November 25.  BlocHacks is a 24-hour #hackathon hosted by The Refugee Centre - Le Centre de Réfugiés in partnership with the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR). Dozens of teams of 3-6 people will tackle a real-world issue facing #refugees and try to f...ind a creative technological solution.   On top of more than $10 000 in prizes, participants will benefit from workshops and information sessions by tech giants such as Google, IBM Watson Analytics, GitHub and Major League Hacking.   The hackathon starts at noon on Saturday, November 25, and runs until noon on Sunday, November 26, at Concordia’s MB Building, 9th floor, 1450 Guy St., Montreal. Read more about it here    Concordia University Montreal, Quebec Concordia Engineering John Molson School of Business FAS - Concordia's Faculty of Arts and Science Concordia University, Faculty of Fine Arts #CUalumni #CUpride #FeelGoodFriday: Once major hockey rivals, Julie Chu,  head coach for Concordia Stingers women's hockey, and partner Caroline Ouellette now share their pride as they celebrate the birth of their baby daughter.  Chu was the captain of the USA women's hockey team from 2011 to 2013 and was named as the Stingers' head coach in 2016. Ouellette captained Canada's women's hockey team at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.  Read the story at The Globe and Mail:    Learn more about Julie Chu:    #CUpride Hockey Canada USA Hockey Canada women's national ice hockey team #GivingTuesday: Are you shopping this #BlackFriday? Don’t forget to save a little bit for Giving Tuesday Canada on November 28. Support your cause through our Community Campaign (www.concordia.ca/communitycampaign). You can also give towards the Campaign for Concordia (www.concordia.ca/campaign). No matter how much you give, or which area you choose, your gift will count towards our $250 million campaign goal! Thank you for helping advance Concordia!   #GivingTuesdayCA  Giving...Tuesday Concordia University John Molson School of Business Concordia University, Faculty of Fine Arts Concordia Engineering FAS - Concordia's Faculty of Arts and Science WARNING: this video may cause major #CUpride. #TBT to a victory that capped a perfect season. The Concordia Stingers men’s rugby team’s 9-0 win-loss record included seven straight wins in the regular season, followed by a 36-18 win over the McGill Redmen in the semifinals and a 35-7 win over the ÉTS piranhas in the 2017 RSEQ finals. Credit to SteveDekuPhotography for this sublime montage. #StingersUnited Check out some of the best sights and sounds from last night's men's rugby RSEQ Championship game!  Video by Steve Deku Photos from last week's Reader's Digest Annual Public Lecture Series in Journalism on November 16, 2017.  Jonah Keri, BA 97, dished on Expos heroes, baseball villains and the changing media landscape.  After his lecture, he was joined by Arpon Basu, editor in chief of The Athletic Montreal, for a Q&A.  Keep in touch for invitations to upcoming #CUalumni events: concordia.ca/keepintouch. Want to network but can't find the time? Join us for Career Conversations: Business Matters, a virtual networking event!  On Dec. 6 at noon, connect with experts from a range of different fields without even leaving your desk.   Register now:    Our alumni pros will be from the following industries:  • Sales and business development • Accounting • Banking • Corporate finance: mergers and acquisitions • Management and administration • Marketing and communications  View the full list of pros along with their bios on our website. #CUalumni: You could save on home and auto insurance with preferred rates from affinity program partner TD Insurance.  Learn more ►    *Photo by Fabian Blank on Unsplash* #WomenWednesday: Tag your photos from Women & Leadership – The anatomy of failure in both Montreal and Toronto!  During the events, #CUalumni enjoyed an evening of honest discussion between diverse Concordia alumnae who shared the lessons they’ve learned about risk, failure and business success. The events were followed by a networking cocktail where business cards and career advice were exchanged.  If you missed out, don't worry! There are plenty more opportunities to connect with your alma mater, visit: concordia.ca/alumni/women to keep up to date with upcoming events. 📷 Photos from Women and Leadership - The Anatomy of Failure both in #Montreal on Nov. 16, 2017, and #Toronto on Oct. 26, 2017.  From Margaret Atwood to Angela M...erkel to Oprah Winfrey, many leaders have had to build on adversity and rise above career obstacles. This event featured an academic presentation by Kimberley Manning, principal of Concordia's Simone de Beauvoir Institute, followed by an honest discussion among diverse Concordia alumnae who shared the lessons they’ve learned about risk, failure and business success.  Learn more about future Women and Leadership events at    “The wines I like most are the ones where you can taste and feel the place of production,” says Giuseppe De Cesare, BA 13, who studied anthropology at Concordia. Volcanic wines are the focus of his blog, FoodTravelCulture, which was shortlisted for the Millésima Blog Awards in 2017.   Concordia and Canada left a strong impression on Italian-born De Cesare. “I’d love to go back to Canada to work in the import and export of wines — ideally Italian wines,” he says. “My goal is to work in the wine trade and be a link between Italy and Canada.”    #CUalumni: Do you work in Marketing and Advertising in #Toronto? Check out the Canadian Marketing Association's (CMA) 2017 Awards Gala on Nov. 24.   Canada's #1 Marketing Awards will feature the outstanding work produced by the partnership between client and agency.  Visit   for ticket information and more. Last chance! Reserve your tables at this Friday's CMA Awards Show & Gala. Don't miss out on meeting our Gala Host, Danielle Graham! Big thanks to our Gala Host Sponsor, Bell Media. #CMAgala   #GivingTuesday: Many thanks to Concordia University Professor Steven High for honouring retiring colleague Ted Little’s contributions to community-engaged theatre! Steven teamed up with the Office of Community Engagement - Concordia University to create a new prize for artists at #Concordia. The Ted Little Prize for Community-Based Oral History Performance and Creation will be funded by donations from Concordia colleagues, former students and friends.  A great example of how ...Concordia faculty and staff keep the spirit of giving alive all year.   📅 Mark your calendars! On Tuesday, Nov. 28, make a gift to Concordia University for Giving Tuesday Canada 2017!   concordia.ca/giving #GivingTuesdayCA   One community. One university. One gift at a time.  Learn about the Community Campaign, Concordia’s annual fundraising campaign that harnesses the collective strength of the university’s wide-reaching network at concordia.ca/communitycampaign.  #CampaignforConcordia: Explore the many ways you can support the next generation of Concordians, visit concordia.ca/giving. Fall Convocation wrapped up last night and we're still feeling #CUpride for Concordia University's last, but not least, honorary degree recipient: Kon Leong, BComm 79. Congratulations! Leong was honoured for his expertise in data analytics and his devotion to entrepreneurship and innovation. He is a serial entrepreneur and investment banker, who understands well the data needs of the corporate market.   He started several high-tech companies in Silicon Valley, and has held sen...ior positions in information technology, engineering and management departments in several Fortune 100 companies. In 1999, Leong co-founded ZL Technologies, a software company that empowers large enterprises to manage big data for governance and analytics. He currently resides in the San Francisco Bay Area as his company’s president and CEO.  During Leong's convocation address, he thanked Concordia for the experiences during his undergrad that helped propel his career. Leong has kept close ties with Concordia, giving back his time as a mentor and guest lecturer. Concordia Engineering #CUgrad #CUalumni Congrats to John Molson School of Business graduate Christophe Truong, named one of Chief Investment Officer magazine’s 2017 40 Under 40 for making his mark in the world of finance.   An investment manager with Air Canada Pension Investments, Christophe was one of a small group chosen for JMSB's Kenneth Woods Portfolio Management Program (KWPMP), where he learned to manage a real-money portfolio.   Read Christophe's story at:    #CUpride #CUalumni Congrats to Concordia University's honorary degree recipient Isabelle Hudon who spoke today at the John Molson School of Business convocation ceremony, becoming our newest #CUalumni. Hudon was honoured for her exemplary leadership in encouraging more women to enter the realm of business.   In September, she was appointed the first woman ambassador to represent Canada in Paris. Prior to her appointment, Hudon was executive chair for Sun Life Financial Quebec and senior vice-pre...sident of client solutions for Sun Life Financial Canada.  She is also the founder of L'effet A, a not-for-profit organization whose goal is to incite women “to not wait to be called but instead put up your hand and take a seat at the table,” such as a corporate boardroom.  During her address, Hudon spoke about courage and its importance in our society.