  About Poetry in Books Translations Watch, read,  listen Upcoming Working Contact    About Poetry in Books Translations Watch, read,  listen Upcoming Working Contact            
!function(e){"use strict";var t=function(t,n,r){function o(e){if(i.body)return e();setTimeout(function(){o(e)})}function a(){d.addEventListener&&d.removeEventListener("load",a),d.media=r||"all"}var l,i=e.document,d=i.createElement("link");if(n)l=n;else{var s=(i.body||i.getElementsByTagName("head")[0]).childNodes;l=s[s.length-1]}var u=i.styleSheets;d.rel="stylesheet",d.href=t,d.media="only x",o(function(){l.parentNode.insertBefore(d,n?l:l.nextSibling)});var f=function(e){for(var t=d.href,n=u.length;n--;)if(u[n].href===t)return e();setTimeout(function(){f(e)})};return d.addEventListener&&d.addEventListener("load",a),d.onloadcssdefined=f,f(a),d};"undefined"!=typeof exports?exports.loadCSS=t:e.loadCSS=t}("undefined"!=typeof global?global:this),function(e){if(e.loadCSS){var t=loadCSS.relpreload={};if(t.support=function(){try{return e.document.createElement("link").relList.supports("preload")}catch(e){return!1}},t.poly=function(){for(var t=e.document.getElementsByTagName("link"),n=0;n<t.length;n++){var r=t[n];"preload"===r.rel&&"style"===r.getAttribute("as")&&(e.loadCSS(r.href,r,r.getAttribute("media")),r.rel=null)}},!t.support()){t.poly();var n=e.setInterval(t.poly,300);e.addEventListener&&e.addEventListener("load",function(){t.poly(),e.clearInterval(n)}),e.attachEvent&&e.attachEvent("onload",function(){e.clearInterval(n)})}}}(this);   Create your own website with Strikingly Hi, I'm Erín Moure. It's about poetry. Falamos poesía. Je suis poète et traductrice. Poet in English and English/Galician, translator of poetry from Galician, French, Spanish and Portuguese to English. Lives in Montreal and in Kelowna, works everywhere. Allergic person, friend, lesboqueer, cyclist commuter, small footprint on earth. Books Poetry and hybrid poemical doings since 1979, up to 2017. Poetry  Planetary Noise: Selected Poetry of Erín Moure, edited by Shannon Maguire. Wesleyan U Press, 2017. 190 pp. Kapusta. Toronto: Anansi, 2015. 130 pp The Unmemntioable. Toronto: Anansi, 2012. 124 pp. Pillage Laud, Toronto: BookThug, 2011 & Moveable Type, 1999. 108 pp. O Resplandor. Toronto: Anansi, 2010. 146 pp. O Cadoiro. Toronto: Anansi, 2007. 136 pp. Little Theatres. Toronto: Anansi, 2005. 96 pp. O Cidadán. Toronto: Anansi, 2002. 142 pp. A Frame of the Book or The Frame of a Book. LA: Sun&Moon; Trto: Anansi, 1999. 128 pp. Search Procedures. Toronto: Anansi,1996. 146 pp. The Green Word: Selected Poems 1973-1992. Toronto: Oxford UP, 1999. 92 pp. Sheepish Beauty, Civilian Love. Montréal: Véhicule Press, 1992. 134 pp. WSW (West South West). Montréal: Véhicule Press, 1989. 118 pp. Furious. Toronto: Anansi, 1988, reprinted 1992, 2006, 2010 (p.o.d.). 102 pp. Domestic Fuel. Toronto: Anansi, 1985. 108 pp. Wanted Alive. Toronto: Anansi, 1983. 112 pp. Empire, York Street. Toronto: Anansi, 1979. 92 pp.   Poetry and Performance Moure, Erín and Oana Avasilichioaei. Expeditions of a Chimæra. Toronto: BookThug, 2009. 90 pp.   Essay and Insurrection Insecession. In volume w. Chus Pato’s Secession. Toronto: BookThug, 2014. 100 pp. My Beloved Wager: Essays from a Writing Practice. The Writer as Critic, Vol. 11. Edmonton: NeWest Press, 2009. 352 pp.   Passports for Further Travel O Cadoiro. Translated into German by Uljana Wolf. Berlin: roughbooks, 2016. Petits théâtres. Translated by Daniel Canty (French). Montreal: Noroît, 2013. Teatriños. Translated by María Reimóndez (Galician). Vigo: Galaxia, 2007.   Memoir and History Sitting Shiva on Minto Avenue, by Toots. Vancouver: New Star Books, 2017. 102 pp. Translations Poetry de Castro, Rosalía. New Leaves. Trans. from Galician of Follas Novas (1880). Sofia Bulgaria: Small Stations, 2016. Turcot, François. My Dinosaur. Trans. from French of Mon Dinosaure (2013). Toronto: BookThug, 2016. Pato, Chus. Flesh of Leviathan. Trans. from Galician of Carne de Leviathan (2013). SF: Omnidawn, 2016; introduction by Jen Hofer. de Castro, Rosalía. Galician Songs. Trans. from Galician of Cantares Gallegos (1872). A major work in 19th century Galician literature. Sofia, Bulgaria and Santiago de Compostela, Galicia: Small Stations and Xunta de Galicia, 2013. Dupré, Louise. Just Like Her. Hamilton: Wolsak & Wynn, 2011. Trans. from French of Tout comme elle Pato, Chus. Hordes of Writing. Exeter, UK: Shearsman / Ottawa: BuschekBooks, 2011. Trans. from Galician of Hordas de Escritura Pessoa, Fernando. Sheep’s Vigil by a Fervent Person. Toronto: Anansi, 2001, reprinted 2004, 2010. Trans. from Portuguese of O Guardador de Rebanhos Pato, Chus. m-Talá. Exeter: Shearsman /Ottawa: Buschek, 2009. Trans. Galician of m-Talá Ajens, Andrés. quase flanders, quase extramadura. Cambridge, UK: CCCP, 2001; Victoria: La Mano Izquierda, 2008. Trans. from Spanish of Más íntimas mistura (excerpt) Pato, Chus. Charenton. Exeter, UK: Shearsman / Ottawa: BuschekBooks, 2007. Trans. from Galician of Charenton   Collaborative Translation, Poetry Gómez, Lupe. Pornography. Berlin: Frank & Timme, 2013. Trans. Erín Moure & Rebeca Lema from Galician of Pornografía. In Lupe Gómez: libre e estranxeira. Estudos e traducións. Ed. Burghard Baltrusch. Iberoromanic Studies in Literature & Translatology, Vol. 1. Brossard, Nicole. White Piano. Toronto: Coach House Books, 2013. Trans. Erín Moure and Robert Majzels from French of Piano blanc. Brossard, Nicole. Notebook of Roses and Civilization. Toronto: Coach House Books, 2007. Trans. Erín Moure and Robert Majzels from French Cahier des roses et de civilisation Brossard, Nicole. Museum of Bone and Water. Toronto: Anansi, 2003. Trans. Erín Moure and Robert Majzels from French of Musée de l’os et de l’eau Brossard, Nicole. Installations. Winnipeg: Muses’ Company, 2000. Trans. Erín Moure and Robert Majzels from French of Installations   Translation, Fiction Non-Fiction and Hybrid Wilson Bueno. Paraguayan Sea. NY: Nightboat Books, 2017. Uxío Novoneyra. Of Stubborn Dreams: The Poetics of Uxío Novoneyra. Parada do Courel: Fundación Uxío Novoneyra, 2017. Lopo, Antón. Distance of the Wolf: Biography of Uxío Novoneyra. Parada do Courel: Fundación Uxío Novoneyra, 2017. Pato, Chus. Secession.  Trto: BookThug, 2014. Trans. Erín Moure from Galician of Secesión Nogueira, María Xesús; Lojo, Laura: Palacios, Manuela, eds. Creation, Publishing, and Criticsm: The Advance of Women’s Writing. NY: Peter Lang, 2010. Trans. Erín Moure (Galician chapters). Galician and Irish Studies series, Vol 2, General Editor Kathleen March. Watch, Read, Listen Various amusements from the internet, visual and aural.... Bawdy Bard Reading my translation of part of Rimbaud's "Drunken Boat" as part of the online mag Drunkenboat's chorus of translations.   "I who shuddered, hearing the moans at fifty leagues Of these Behemoths in rut and their dense Maelstroms,Incessant rotors of blue immobilities;Should I have stayed with the crumbling roofs of Europe?"           Ñ The original of one of the poems from Kapusta, first written and designed for web publication at the magazine Trickhouse. Homenaxe á potencia da pataca Monique Mounblow's version of the potato poem in Little Theatres, a poem about peace that on Vimeo, inexplicably, bears a "Mature" warning! Because it's polylingual? Three translations from Wilson Bueno's Paraguayan Sea. Three snippets from my English (Frenglish w. Guaraní) translation of this Brazilian writer's famed book Mar Paraguayo, which was written in Portunhol with Guaraní.   The book will appear in fall 2017 from Nightboat Books in my version in Frenglish, with Andrés Ajens' postface from the Argentinian edition, an article by Christian Kent, and an interview with Bueno conducted by Claudio Daniel. Here is our reading on YouTube! Chus Pato's first visit to the USA brought her in September 2015 to Harvard University! We read from and talked about Secession and Insecession—biopoetics, translational biopoetics, trans-Atlantic hubbubs and proximities in the Woodberry Poetry Room . In spring 2017, we read together in March at Ottawa's VerseFest, and in Montreal at Drawn & Quarterly Books, and Toronto at knife/fork/book! Klara du Plessis reviews Planetary Noise! Planetary Noise: Selected Poetry of Erín Moure gathers four decades of poetry from a poet and translator who has persistently reconfigured the linguistic and material relations of English. Moure’s poems and networked sequences are hybrid and often polylingual; they work with contradiction, paradox, and verbal detritus— linguistic hics and blips often too quickly dismissed as noise—to create new conditions for thought and pleasure. From postdramatic theatre to queer and feminist theory, from the politics of citizenship and genocide to the minutiae of digital poetics, from the clamor of love to the shadows of grief and memory, Moure has joyously toppled hierarchies of meaning and parasited dominant discourses to create poetry that crosses borders, embracing hope, not war. This volume, edited by poet and literary scholar Shannon Maguire, also features an extensive introduction to Moure’s poetry, a section of poetry by others translated by Moure, and an afterword on translation by the poet. Interview with Chus Pato from Transtierros , English version “We are born as foreigners to all languages.” An interview with Chus Pato by Italo-Peruvian poet Maurizio Medo, 8 October 2017 translated from Spanish (Castilian) into English by Erín Moure   MM: Chus, writings like yours that are constructed at the limits of the “poem” in another space “yet to appear,” are usually seen by traditional critics as something experimental (and thus the critics are often thin when it comes to analysis); can writing as an exercise exist outside of experimentation?  CP: The way I see it, the limits are the poem itself, in the sense that it is a figure, something delimited. Perhaps the space that is “yet to appear” is that space which is without limit, without figure, without attributes, the unlimited, that which is, in the sense of being, but which cannot be read, nor heard, as it has no letters or articulated sound. Perhaps it is “this” to which the poem tries to draw close; thus, the poem might be seen as something like a drop of blood, something finite, that enters or tries to get close to what is, so that we’d find ourselves before a sublime, before poetry, perhaps, facing something that lives both inside and outside of the poem, both prior and posterior to it, that precedes and follows the poem. Before life? Perhaps, or before mimesis. Writing a poem is always an experience, an experience of language, I don’t see how a poem can be written without having that experience (brief as it is). Another question is the relationship of the poem written today with the historic avant-gardes. You noted in an interview in 2013 with Hasier Larretxea[1] that the contemporary “is never current” and that this imperceptible deferral is what makes thinking possible, and urgent. Does this not convert the “poem” (between quotation marks) into a space outside the literary?  We’d have to know what we mean by the literary and this is something very complex. If, by Literature, we mean all that which is written, from graffiti or love letters right to science and philosophy, the poem would be in Literature. If we understand Literature as a conjunction of books that function as merchandise, my answer is that the poem, like graffiti, is not inside this set. You write with Galician as language of origin; do you consider that this biographical fact has influenced the form in which you “view” and “interpret” Castilian Spanish? Does being “imprisoned” in a language not constitute a restriction, or when we write do we not, axiologically, become foreigners in front of all languages?  It isn’t a question between languages, between “Galician/Castilian”; the problem is political, a question of linguistic politics and of politics in general. I freely decide to write in Galician; Castilian is not a determining factor in my writing. On the contrary, it’s a language I can speak and read; it’s a source of riches. The question, and I repeat, is not the Castilian language; it is a political problem. Certainly, the linguistic standard is a prison; the limiting of our capacity to speak and write and to communicate with each other by holding us to instrumental language enslaves us. To my mind, the poem does not exist if it is not capable of breaking those chains. I believe we are born as foreigners to every language; we are born without speech, after all. We have to learn to speak and this is very fortunate because, among other things, it is what allows us to to be able to speak in the face the axiology of languages as machines of oppression. If this is so, then each “writing"” could be constituted as the founding of a language? I wouldn’t speak of foundation; I’d say that each person who tries to write poems has to construct a new saying, a new writing, has to be able to write just as did those who preceded her but has to try to do it out of another language, the one that he or she manages to attain. ¿Wouldn’t this make concepts like the “poetic” relative? I don’t believe so; I believe that this is exactly what is poetic, this capacity to divert usage and bring it toward something that celebrates our freedom in language and in writing. Something that Latin-Americans and the Spanish always note when we speak with each other is how little we read each other, although I believe this is starting to change.  If this happens to those who write in the same language, and I believe it is so, you can just imagine how it is for those who write in the other languages of the Spanish state! This said, there are signs that we are reading more of other writers in Spanish, and this change has come through the hands of the South American poets who live on the Iberian peninsula, in both Spain and Portugal and is, clearly, also the result of the existence of the flows of electronic communication. Have you ever happened to notice that your writing seems closer to ours, to that of the South Americans, than to that of your fellow citizens?  Ha! Of course; in fact I’m often asked if I’m Spanish, and I answer that I’m Galician. Not just South Americans, but North Americans also have noted this difference. I am who I am, as a person and as someone who aspires to be a poet, thanks in great part to my three emigrant grandparents (Cuba and Argentina); I have always thought that I write and exist for a new world.   Soooooon!   Read "Translation and its Affective Challenges" and two excerpts from the book at the Volta's Evening Will Come.   In spring 2017, Chus Pato appeared in Ottawa, Canada, at Versefest (March 25) with Erín Moure, in Montreal at Drawn & Quarterly Books with Stephen Collis and Erín Moure (March 23) and in Toronto with Erín M at KnifeForkBook on March 26!   November 2017 will see a tiny memoir, Sitting Shiva on Minto Avenue, by Toots, from New Star Books in Vancouver (launching with Sharon Thesen and her new book The Receiver in Vancouver on November 16!), and Nightboat Books in New York will release the Moure translation of Brazilian Wilson Bueno's Paraguayan Sea in October, launching at Berl's Poetry Bookshop in Brooklyn on October 26! Coinciding with the appearance of Paraguayan Sea as book, is the Andrew Forster / Erín Moure exhibition Mar paraguayenne at the FOFA Gallery at Concordia University, Montréal, from mid-August till mid-December 2017, with a discussion event with Andrew, Erín, and the wonderful Sherry Simon from 5-7pm on November 9, just outside the gallery. Books will be available for purchase (cash only).   Erín Moure's Kapusta     a poem-play-cabaret-ash APRIL 2015, from House of Anansi, Toronto. with songs by Malenka Dotchka   read the review in The Puritan here.  and in Arc Poetry Magazine here.   Chus Pato's Flesh of Leviathan. translated from the Galician Carne de Leviatán out in 2016, from Omnidawn, Richmond CA. Working away on...    NOW: a book of poetry for/from/with my Dad called The Elements. To appear in 2019. a play called Martín! a book of aleatory poems called Hosannah. a book of memoirs/stories called A House in Dreamland.   TRANSLATIONS LOOKING FOR PUBLISHERS: a translation of Lupe Gómez's Camuflaxe from Galician. an eventual translation (time bookmarked) of Chantal Neveu's La Vie radieuse from French. awaiting Chus Pato's new book to translate it... an eventual translation with Roman Ivashkiv of a book of poetry from the Ukrainian of Yuri Izdryk, to be entitled Smokes.   Earlier in 2017: A new project in the Woodberry Poetry Room, Harvard University, "Resonance: A Modernism," was conceived from listening to four women poets' voices. Further research needed but will emerge as a book called Theophylline sometime in the future. A commission for the Gabriola Poetry Society with Vancouver composer Lee Hutsulak, related to "islands", performed on Gabriola Island in September 2017. Find Erín. www.facebook.com/erin.moure.poet.translator and leave a message there! Author page on Facebook @erinmoure LinkedIn © 2014   Erín Moure