 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter × Close Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada            Warning: there is currently a problem with the Colombo login. Once you have logged in please check the top right corner of the screen to see if your name is displayed correctly (example: correct first and last name). If incorrect: logout, close your browser completely and start again. We are working on this problem. See the Interlibrary Loans FAQ page for login help. This service is available  to Concordia University Primary Users, as defined by the Library Loans Policy, for purposes of teaching, research and study, specifically: To request a renewal you have the following options: For any other questions about existing requests contact the Interlibrary Loans (ILL) Office. Article Delivery: service which scans and delivers articles and book chapters from Concordia Libraries' print collections. BCI Card: card allowing for borrowing directly from local university libraries as well as other Canadian university libraries. Your use of the Colombo database is conditional upon your consent to 
            provide your e-mail and name which will be stored in the Colombo system.  The Colombo database is currently supported by the 
            vendor on a server located in the U.S.  After you sign in to Colombo, your name and e-mail are transmitted securely (using SSL) 
            from the Library circulation system to create your Colombo account, allowing you to use the Colombo system 
            right away.  Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.