 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada               Dear Students, I would like  to extend a very warm welcome to you all – both new and returning students ― to  the Concordia Library. Concordia Library consists of the Webster and Vanier libraries  and the Grey Nuns reading room.   The Library is an important partner in your academic success.  We have a team of dedicated librarians and  staff ready to assist you with a variety of services, such as  subject-specific research across our comprehensive print and digital  collections, the use of our interlibrary loans services, or simply borrowing a  laptop or tablet.  Please feel free to  ask. We are here to assist you! During the last academic year (2016-17), our Teaching & Learning Librarian  redesigned and launched a set of 5 modular library workshops designed specifically for first-year students.  In addition to introducing you to our many  services, these workshops will explain how to develop effective research  questions, locate articles and books and how to best take notes when  researching for a term paper. These workshops can be taken together, or  separately. For more information:    We are eagerly  looking forward to the opening of part of the third floor and the fourth floor  on September 12. This means that new and returning students will be able to enjoy  the full benefits of a renovated Webster  Library.  We plan to celebrate the completion  of the Webster Transformation in style in January 2018.  Stay tuned, you’ll be invited!  Finally, I want  to express my appreciation and gratitude to the Library Services Fund  Committee (LSFC) and its student representatives for their ongoing  support. Last year, the LSFC helped fund, among other things, 24-hour access to the Vanier Library  and Webster Library (during the academic year), the laptop and tablet loan program and the acquisition of textbooks and other course materials for both the Webster  and Vanier Library reserve rooms. As  always, I welcome your thoughts on how Concordia Library can continue to  address and best serve your academic needs.  Please do not hesitate to  contact me at guylaine.beaudry@concordia.ca. I wish you  a most productive fall 2017 term!  Sincerely, Guylaine Beaudry, PhD
  Vice-Provost, Digital Strategy & University Librarian
  August 24, 2017 Guylaine Beaudry was appointed to the position of  university librarian by Concordia’s Board  of Governors for a five-year term, effective May 1, 2014. Beaudry joined the university in October 2009 as  director of the Webster Library, and she has served as interim university  librarian since July 2013. Previously, she was director of the Digital 
Publishing Centre at the Université de Montréal and executive director of  Érudit, a publishing platform for scholarly books and journals in the social  sciences and humanities. She has authored many books on scholarly publishing,  including La communication scientifique  et le numérique (2011) published at
Hermès/Lavoisier and Profession : Bibliothécaire (2012) at  Les Presses de l’Université de Montréal. She served as president of the 
Corporation of Professional Librarians of Quebec from 2008 to 2010. She is a  member of the Royal Society of Canada Expert Panel on the status and future of  libraries in Canada. Her work has been funded by the Social Sciences and  Humanities Research Council of Canada and the Fonds québécois de recherche sur  la société et la culture.  Beaudry holds a PhD in History of the Book from École  pratique des hautes études (Paris) and a Master of Library and Information  Science from Université de Montréal. Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.