 Upload Vimeo Help More Upgrade 
            Language:
            English
 Mature content filter:  Last Updated: February 2016 VIMEO respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Each user is responsible for ensuring that the materials they upload to the Vimeo Site do not infringe any third party copyright. VIMEO will promptly remove materials from the Vimeo Site in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") if properly notified that the materials infringe a third party's copyright. In addition, VIMEO may, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of repeat copyright infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with a written notice containing the following information: You may submit this information via: If you believe that your material has been removed by mistake or misidentification, please provide VIMEO with a written counter-notification containing the following information: You may submit this information via: Please note that we will send any complete counter-notifications we receive to the person who submitted the original DMCA notice. That person may elect to file a lawsuit against you for copyright infringement. If we do not receive notice that a lawsuit has been filed within ten (10) business days after we provide notice of your counter-notification, we will restore the removed materials. Until that time, your materials will remain removed. We will provide a copy of the original DMCA takedown notice upon request. VIMEO will terminate user accounts that have been the subject of three (3) separate DMCA notices. In the event a user’s materials are removed due to a DMCA notice and then subsequently restored due to the filing of a DMCA counter-notification, VIMEO will treat the underlying DMCA notice as withdrawn. VIMEO reserves the right to terminate user accounts that are the subject of fewer than three (3) DMCA notices in appropriate circumstances, such as where the user has a history of violating or willfully disregarding Vimeo’s Terms of Service. In filing a DMCA notice or counter-notification, please make sure that you have complied with all of the above requirements. If we request additional information necessary to make your DMCA notice or counter-notification complete, please provide that information promptly. If you fail to comply with all of these requirements, your DMCA notice or counter-notification may not be processed further. In addition, please make sure that all of the information you provide is accurate. UNDER SECTION 512(f) OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT, 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), ANY PERSON WHO KNOWINGLY MATERIALLY MISREPRESENTS THAT MATERIAL OR ACTIVITY IS INFRINGING OR WAS REMOVED OR DISABLED BY MISTAKE OR MISIDENTIFICATION MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY. Vimeo may disclose any communications concerning DMCA notices or other intellectual property complaints with third parties, including the users who have posted the allegedly infringing material, and may provide DMCA notices to Chilling Effects If you have questions about the legal requirements of a DMCA notice, please contact an attorney or see Section 512(c)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3), for more information. If you have questions about the legal requirements of a DMCA counter-notification, please contact an attorney or see Section 512(g)(3) of the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(g)(3), for more information. In addition to the webforms we provide, you may send a DMCA notice, a DMCA counter-notification, or any inquiries concerning intellectual property to VIMEO’s Copyright Agent: If you believe a Vimeo member is infringing on your trademark, please file a trademark complaint and a Vimeo moderator will investigate your claim right away. If you are unsure if your trademark is being infringed, please visit our Trademark FAQ to learn more about trademark law and infringement. If you believe a Vimeo member is violating your privacy, please file a privacy complaint and a Vimeo moderator will investigate your claim right away. Pease visit our privacy page to learn more about our privacy policy. Our panel for Adobe Premiere Pro uploads to Vimeo and simplifies your workflow. TM + © 2017 Vimeo, Inc. All rights reserved.