 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter Copyright basics Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada            The information in this guide is not meant to be legal advice. The purpose of this guide is to assist faculty and students in making their own decisions based on 
	a better understanding of their rights and responsibilities. This guide mostly addresses copyright in the 
	context of research and education. It does not aim to provide final answers as to what can and cannot be 
	legally done according to the Copyright Act. Members of the Concordia University community should consult the University's
	Policy on Copyright Compliance as well as the Copyright Guidelines for Instructors. 
	In case of  doubt, please seek legal assistance. For more information, see the list of useful websites. In Canada, copyright is governed by the Copyright Act
		(R.S.C. 1985, c. C-42) which regulates the use and reproduction of intellectual and artistic creations. Copyright protects works from being copied, performed or distributed without the permission of 
		the copyright holder, usually the author  or the creator of the work, and provides exceptions for 
		special circumstances. Copyright automatically applies to original works such as books, articles, videos, music, 
		paintings, photographs, digital works, broadcasts and performances. Ideas and facts are not protected by copyright. Only works that are original and fixed are 
		protected by copyright. A work is "fixed" when it is produced onto any 
		media, like paper or within a digital file. A work is considered "original" when 
		it is the product of the author's own skill, judgment and creativity, has not been 
		copied and demonstrates more than a trivial, mechanical level of skill and judgment. For instance, statistical data on the Montreal population is not protected, but a 
		table presenting these data in a specific way may be. Although the Copyright Act was written before digital content was widely available, 
		digital works such as CDs, DVDs, websites and other online documents and files are 
		protected by copyright. Fair dealing and 
		educational exceptions 
		apply to digital works just as they do for other types of documents. Library electronic 
		resources, such as subscription databases and ejournal collections, are usually also 
		regulated by licence agreements. The length of copyright is usually 50 years after the death of the creator. Some types 
		of works such as sound recordings and some photographs and films may have a different 
		length of copyright. After copyright expires, a work becomes part of the public domain 
		and may be freely copied and distributed. Works that are not under copyright are part of the "public domain" and 
		can be freely copied, distributed, adapted and performed without permission from 
		the author or the payment of royalties. Before copying, adapting, distributing or performing a copyrighted work, consider if: In addition, at Concordia University, the 
		Policy on Copyright Compliance as well as the Copyright Guidelines for Instructors
		have specific rules for our community. The Copyright Act (s.3) protects substantial parts of works as well as whole works. Since "substantial" is not defined in the Act, the quantity and importance 
		of what is being copied must be evaluated. In deciding whether a part of a work is 
		considered substantial, the whole work must be taken into account. A few sentences 
		from a novel would probably be considered insubstantial but a single line from a 
		poem might be essential to the work and be considered substantial. "Fair dealing" offers some exceptions to the Copyright Act's general 
		prohibition on copying. Fair dealing allows limited and non-commercial copying for 
		the purposes of research, private study, education, parody, satire, criticism, review, and news reporting. Proportionality is important in considering if use of a work might be considered 
		fair dealing. In the 
		CCH Canadian Ltd. v. Law Society of Upper Canada [2004] decision, 
		the Supreme Court proposed the following criteria for evaluating whether a dealing is fair: The purpose of the use, the amount to be used and alternatives available have to be 
		considered, and must outweigh the nature and the effect of the dealing on the work. Everyone benefits from fair dealing. However, educational institutions, libraries, 
		museums and archives have additional special provisions (s.29.4 to 30.4) (s. 29.4 to 30.04) Under certain conditions, educational institutions or persons acting under their 
		authority can make limited copies for instruction and examinations: Other educational exceptions are discussed in the sections covering 
		translation and performance, 
		broadcasting and playing sound recordings
		and images. Canadian libraries, archives and museums benefit from exceptions that facilitate the delivery 
		of print and electronic works. They may do anything that individuals may do for themselves as 
		long as it is for private study, research, education, parody, satire, criticism or review (sections 30.1 to 30.4). 
		For example, library personnel are allowed to make a copy of an article to be placed on 
		course reserve for a faculty member. The Copyright Act (s.32) allows copying, translation, adaptation and reproduction in sign language of literary, musical, artistic or dramatic works, 
		to create a document in a format specifically designed for persons with perceptual disabilities. 
		This exception does not apply in cases where the work is commercially available in an appropriate 
		format or for cinematographic works. Licences are contracts that regulate the reproduction and use of works in addition to the 
		requirements of the Copyright Act. Some licences impose further restrictions on the use and 
		reproduction of works and some waive certain rights that are part of the Copyright Act. In 
		the context of a university, faculty and students should know about the following types of licences: Works that you have created are also subject to copyright. Publishing agreements may 
		assign or licence a broad range of rights to the publisher. The following internet 
		sites provide information about publisher policies or alternatives: Creators who want to facilitate the dissemination of their works while preserving 
		ownership rights should consider using one of the licences proposed by 
		Creative Commons. Whether in print or digital form, text is protected by copyright. Most formats are 
	protected, such as books, articles, websites and their components, as well as most 
	types of works, such as poems, plays, novels or essays. One may make a copy of a portion of a work if it is fair dealing or if a special 
		exception in the Copyright Act permits it. Otherwise a special agreement must exist 
		between the copyright holder and the user, such as through a licence agreement. Just how much of a work can be copied, or what might be considered "fair" is not 
		defined in the Copyright Act. For more information see the sections 
		Substantial/Insubstantial and Fair Dealing. The Copibec licence governs the creation 
		of course packs, which are, technically, multiple copies of works. As well, this 
		licence allows for making multiple copies of a work for free classroom distribution.  
		The photocopies must not exceed 15% of the total work. 
		In addition, a full article can be copied, as well as a full chapter from a book, 
		as long as it does not exceed 20% of a book. Note that not all publishers are represented 
		by this licence. Verify the Copibec site for details. The publisher of 
		the work must not be in the Copibec 
		exclusion list (click on 'liste d'exclusions'). It is important to understand that the Copibec licence does not apply to users'
		fair dealing rights. How much or how little one can deliver electronically to one or many colleagues, 
		students or staff depends upon the fair dealing provisions of the Copyright Act. Proper citing of sources is essential in academic work. With regards to copyright, although rules regarding proper citation styles do not form part of the copyright rules, but rather the rules regarding academic integrity, citing touches upon the moral right of a creator's paternity of a work. For more information on citing and quoting material, 
		consult the 
		Academic Code of Conduct as  well as A  guide to academic integrity. 
		Guides to citation styles (such as MLA, APA) 
		are available on the Libraries' website. Cinematographic works include "any works expressed by any process analogous to cinematography, whether or not accompanied by a soundtrack" (s. 2). In this section, the term “Video/DVD” refers to cinematographic work saved on one of various storage formats, including but not limited to DVD, Blu-ray disc, VHS, beta and u-matic tape, as well as 16mm and 35mm films, whether such is obtained from the Concordia University Libraries, from Visual Media Resources (Faculty of Fine Arts), from a video store, or from any other vendor, or is a personal, non-infringing, copy. Canadian copyright on cinematographic works governs the right to:  Works that are in the public domain are not protected
		by copyright and can be used and copied freely. For dramatic cinematographic works 
		(most feature films), copyright lasts for 50 years after the creator's death; for 
		non-dramatic works (e.g. documentaries), copyright lasts for the remainder of the calendar 
		year of publication plus 50 years. It can be difficult to determine the identity of the creator 
		of a cinematographic work; the best way to find out who holds copyright and whether or 
		not a title is in the public domain is to contact the production company, distributor or 
		licensing agent. You may be able to find this information in the 
		Internet Movie Database. In general, it is permissible for University employees to play sound recordings or music, show films or movies (including Video/DVD) or air live TV, if this is done on the premises of the University for educational or training purposes and not for profit, before an audience consisting primarily of students or instructors of the University. It should be noted that digital locks (technological protection measures and rights management information) may not be circumvented in order to use the work. Furthermore, the sound recording or the cinematographic work being performed must not be an infringing copy and there may not be reasonable grounds to believe that it is an infringing copy. 
 Videos/DVDs generally cannot be copied without written permission from the copyright holder. 
		Exceptions to this are works that are in the public domain, works that allow copying under licence, 
		or if the use falls under fair  dealing. When using clips in one's own work, the following should be considered: Most online content will have a use agreement of some kind that must be consulted prior to showing in class, saving, or using in your own work. Even if the content is available freely on the Web, it is still covered by copyright and you must adhere to the terms of use of a website, which can often be found in a link (frequently named “Legal” or “Terms”) on the bottom of a webpage. Of particular note, the CBC has an FAQ page for use of their digital content. For live television programs, see the section on Radio and Television Broadcasts. You can reproduce and perform a copyrighted work, on the premises of an educational 
		institution, if it is for a test or examination and is not commercially available. It is permissible to make, at the time of its communication to the public by telecommunication, a single copy of a television broadcast for the purposes of performing the copy for the students of the University, on the University’s premises, for educational or training purposes. In the case of a news program or a news commentary program, excluding documentaries, the copy may be retained infinitely. Otherwise, a copy of any other broadcast, including documentaries, may be kept for up to thirty (30) days. Live radio and television programs may be shown in the classroom while  being broadcast. You can reproduce and perform a copyrighted work, on the premises of an educational 
		institution, if it is for a test or examination and is not commercially available. A sound recording, according to the Canadian Copyright Act, includes "a recording fixed
	in any material form, consisting of sounds, whether or not of a performance of a work, 
	but excluding any soundtrack of a cinematographic work where it accompanies the 
	cinematographic work." Sound recordings may have multiple copyright protections: Section 29.5 of the Copyright Act allows the playing of a non-infringing sound recording "on the 
		premises of the educational institution for educational or training purposes and 
		not for profit, before an audience consisting  primarily of students of the 
		educational institution, instructors acting under the authority of the educational institution or any person who is directly responsible for setting a curriculum for the educational institution."  Audio broadcasts may not be copied and played later in class 
		except under special conditions. Copying a sound recording that includes a musical work for individual personal 
		use onto a "blank audio recording medium" as defined by the Copyright Act is permitted.
		You cannot copy a sound recording for someone else or for any other purpose including 
		selling/renting out, distributing, communicating to others, or performing the 
		recording in  public. The Copyright Act has established a system of levy fees on 
		blank media for providing royalty payments to composers, performers and sound recording 
		producers (s.8). In Canada, the Canadian Private 
		Copyright Collective is responsible for collecting and distributing private copying royalties. Aside from the special exceptions for news broadcasts and the fair dealing exceptions discussed further in this document, you cannot generally copy a sound recording that does not include a musical work. Additional, special exceptions exist for persons with perceptual disabilities for reproducing a sound recording in alternative formats.
 Distributing a sound recording, such as making it digitally available through the internet, 
		making copies for students etc., requires the  payment of royalty fees. The Neighbouring Rights Collective of Canada 
		collects and distributes royalties for distribution and/or broadcasting of sound recordings. In addition, some exceptions may apply under the fair dealing provisions. Adaptations, performances and translations of works are subject to copyright (section 3 of the Copyright Act). Adapting copyrighted material requires permission from the owner of the original work. 
		Reproduction or performance of an adaptation may require the permission of both the 
		owner of the rights for the original work, and of the rights' holder for the adapted work. Permission to translate substantial portions of a work must be obtained from 
		the owner of the original work. Translations also are considered original works and 
		are protected by copyright. This is true even if the original work has become 
		part of the public domain. Reproduction or performance of a translation may 
		require the permission of both the owner of the rights for the original work, 
		and owner of the rights for the adapted work. This being said, the Canadian Copyright Act recognizes the right to translate a work for the purposes of education or training on the premises of an educational institution in order to display the translated work. This is only possible if no commercial alternative is available.  A special exception (at section 29.5), permits educational institutions to 
		use copyrighted materials in order to: This exception applies: Images of artistic and visual works covered by the Copyright Act include: paintings, 
	drawings, maps, charts, plans, photographs, engravings, sculptures, works of 
	artistic craftsmanship, architectural works, and compilations of artistic works. 
	Copyright in general continues for 50 years following the year of the producer's death 
	after which the work comes into the public domain. Although many images are already available in digital format from various 
		sources, there are numerous images which are available only in paper or 
		slide format. Such images which are covered by copyright can be scanned if 
		they fall under the exceptions outlined in the following sections. According to Section 29.4 of the Copyright Act, educators can, for the purposes of education or training, copy a work to display an image in the classroom or elsewhere on University premises. This  includes data projectors (PowerPoint presentations). However, this exemption does not apply if the image is commercially available on the Canadian market in a medium that is appropriate for the intended purpose, and can be acquired within a reasonable time and for a reasonable price. Images from commercial databases (ARTstor) for which the library has a licenced agreement can be used in classroom presentations.
 Generally, it is necessary to obtain permission to copy as well as distribute 
		a copyright protected work on the internet, unless it is from a licenced 
		database or authorisation has been obtained from the copyright owner. However, it is also arguable that images can be used 
		under the following conditions: You can reproduce copyrighted images for a test or examination given on the premises of an educational institution. However, this exemption does not apply if the image is commercially available on the Canadian market in a medium that is appropriate for the intended purpose, and can be acquired within a reasonable time and for a reasonable price. Fair dealing (Section 29.1) allows you to make copies of images that are 
		copyright protected for the purposes of research, private study, education, parody, satire, criticism, and review.  The Copyright Act protects substantial parts of works which implies that
	 insubstantial parts of copyrighted images 
		can be used. However, there is no clear definition of what constitutes 
		substantial or insubstantial. While some contemporary artists are proponents 
		of using any images in the practice of appropriation art,  
		such derivative works do not clearly enjoy the benefit of fair dealing. See the 
		viewpoint of CARFAC, the Canadian Artist 
		Representation/le Front des artistes  canadiens. Images in ARTstor can 
		be used for classroom instruction and related classroom activities, student assignments and 
		research, research activities of faculty, public display or public performance as part of a 
		non-commercial scholarly or education presentation, in research and dissertations. Uses 
		of images not permitted by ARTstor include: commercial - such as scholarly publications 
		available for purchase - public performances, as well as adaptation of images for derivative works. Although there are websites that allow free downloading of images, mostly for 
		personal use only, many websites include copyrighted images. Permission to use 
		images must be obtained from the copyright owner unless your use constitutes fair dealing. The following Canadian website, prepared by the 2Learn.ca Education Society, 
		provides an overview of how to determine the copyright status of images on the 
		internet: Digital images and copyright. It covers such questions as: For more information, please contact copyright.questions@concordia.ca Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.