 CUJAH Concordia Undergraduate Journal of Art History CUJAH Vol. XIV is looking to hire students to fill positions on our Executive Team! N.B. can qualify as an independent study.  $150 HOW TO APPLY: 01 02 03  Job Title: Managing Editor Job Title: Conference Coordinator Job Title: Events Coordinator Job Title: Communications Coordinator Sunday September 17, 2017 at 11:00 p.m indicate which position you are applying for    CUJAH is on the lookout for a Managing Editor, Conference Coordinator, Events Coordinator, and Communications Coordinator to form our 2017-2018 Executive Team! See below for position descriptions and task breakdowns. Job Title: Managing Editor Working with closely the Editor-in-Chief, the Managing Editor will chiefly be responsible for managing all CUJAH editors, overseeing all final edits of CUJAH’s annual publication and managing the CUJAH Archive Project. Tasks: N.B. The Managing Editor’s work for CUJAH can qualify as an independent study. However, it is their responsibility to obtain the permission and supervision of a faculty member in the Department of Art History. Job Title: Conference Coordinator The Conference Coordinator organizes and brings to fruition CUJAH’s annual Undergraduate Art History Undergraduate Conference, which usually takes place at the end of February / beginning of March. Tasks: The Conference Coordinator will receive an honorarium of $150. Job Title: Events Coordinator The Events Coordinator is responsible for organizing all CUJAH events throughout the year and maintaining connections with collaborators. Tasks: Job Title: Communications Coordinator The Communications Coordinator is responsible for promoting CUJAH and all of CUJAH’s activities throughout the year on a consistent basis. Tasks: HOW TO APPLY: Please send the following documents in a single PDF to thecujah@gmail.com by:
Sunday September 17, 2017 at 11:00 p.m:
01 CV
02 Short bio (200 words maximum) stating your academic interests and current student status, and indicate which position you are applying for
03 Contact information (name, phone number, email address, student ID) If you have questions about any of these positions, please contact us at thecujah@gmail.com, we would be glad to answer them! CUJAH @ Copyright 2017. - Created by SliceJack