 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter Study spaces Group study Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada            Beverages are permitted if in spill-proof containers; however, food is allowed only in designated areas.   The Library provides a variety of study spaces at Webster Library, Vanier Library and in the Grey Nuns Building including spaces for silent study, a keyboard-free zero noise room, bookable group study rooms, and various collaborative spaces for quiet group work.  The Library is a quiet space on campus.  In collaborative spaces, speaking softly is permitted. No talking, whispering or noise is permitted in areas designated as silent study spaces. Food is not permitted in the Library except for in designated areas. Beverages are only permitted if in spill-proof containers.  
 Silent study spaces include closed reading rooms, computer classrooms, and designated areas within the Library indicated by signage. No talking or conversation is permitted. Silence is required in these spaces at all times.  Collaborative spaces include bookable group study rooms and designated areas within the Library indicated by signage.  Speaking softly is allowed in collaborative areas, but not loud talking.  Long cellphone conversations should be done outside of the Library. The Friends of the Library Room located in LB-361 is a zero-noise room that has been set aside to provide a peaceful oasis for quiet reflection. Absolute silence is required in the zero-noise room. 
		No keyboarding or talking is permitted.   Areas specifically for graduate students are located on the 5th floor of the Webster Library. Dissertation Writers' Rooms  Reading Room Access In the Webster Library, graduate students may access these areas by scanning their Concordia ID card. 
			Students must go to the Webster Loans & Returns Desk during service hours to obtain a shelf and/or locker in the Webster graduate study space. 
			Find out more about Webster Library's Dissertation Writers’ Rooms. Policy To ensure a quiet study environment for all users of the rooms, no group discussions are permitted in the enclosed areas.
	In the Webster Library, food is permitted only in the kitchen beside the graduate students' lounge.
	Graduate study rooms are accessible when the Webster Library is open for study. Location The Vanier Library Graduate Study Room is located in VL-307. An additional room where graduate students may meet with someone is located in VL-305. Access A valid Concordia student ID must be presented to obtain an access code to the Graduate Study Room.  The code is assigned to an individual student and must not be shared with others.
	For security reasons, the room is open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. Please leave the room when Security agents do their rounds.
The Graduate Study Room (VL-307) is shared by several graduate students. Students may “borrow” a shelf for keeping library materials. Shelves are assigned for a one-year period, with the expiry date being September 30. Shelves are assigned on a first-come, first-served basis.
Policy
No personal items, food or drink should be kept in the Graduate Study Room. If these items are found in the room, they will be removed.
Please note that, to promote a quiet study environment for all users of the Room, no group discussions are permitted in the Graduate Study Room.
Library books that you want to keep on the shelf must be checked out at the Circulation Desk. The items are assigned to a shelf for a year. Any items assigned to the shelf will have a flag that corresponds to that year (one book/one flag). An item found without a flag will be removed from the shelf by Library staff.
You are encouraged to return material that is no longer needed to the Circulation Desk. All material kept on a shelf must be returned or renewed by the due date indicated on the slip.
	The Library reserves the right to remove any materials that have been recalled/requested by other users after an initial 2-week loan period.
 For security reasons, the room is open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. Please leave the room when Security agents do their rounds. The Graduate Study Room (VL-307) is shared by several graduate students. Students may “borrow” a shelf for keeping library materials. Shelves are assigned for a one-year period, with the expiry date being September 30. Shelves are assigned on a first-come, first-served basis. Policy No personal items, food or drink should be kept in the Graduate Study Room. If these items are found in the room, they will be removed. Please note that, to promote a quiet study environment for all users of the Room, no group discussions are permitted in the Graduate Study Room. Library books that you want to keep on the shelf must be checked out at the Circulation Desk. The items are assigned to a shelf for a year. Any items assigned to the shelf will have a flag that corresponds to that year (one book/one flag). An item found without a flag will be removed from the shelf by Library staff. You are encouraged to return material that is no longer needed to the Circulation Desk. All material kept on a shelf must be returned or renewed by the due date indicated on the slip.
	The Library reserves the right to remove any materials that have been recalled/requested by other users after an initial 2-week loan period.
 The Library reserves the right to remove any materials that have been recalled/requested by other users after an initial 2-week loan period. Webster Library:  In the lobby at the top of the stairwell outside the main entrance 
	of the Library Vanier Library:  In the main stairwell landings on VL-2 and VL-3 Grey Nuns Reading Room & Group Study Rooms:  In the lounge in B-105 Reserve a group study room There are 15 group study rooms: Each study room contains: 1 table, 6 chairs, a 46" LCD screen 
					(or two 42" LCD screens in the LB-2 study rooms) with wired (HDMI, DisplayPort) and wireless connections, 
					a wide-angle USB camera and 
					multiple power outlets. There are 9 group study rooms located on the 3rd floor: The rooms with digital collaboration technology contain one table, 
			 	six chairs, a 46" LCD screen with wired ports (HDMI, DisplayPort) and multiple power outlets. The group study rooms at the Vanier Library are unavailable between 11pm – 7am. There are 14 group study rooms available in on the first floor the Grey Nuns building: The rooms with digital collaboration technology contain one table, six chairs, a 46" LCD screen with wired 
				 (HDMI, DisplayPort, DisplayPort) and wireless connections, a wide-angle USB camera 
				and multiple power outlets. Read more about the group study room technology in the Grey Nuns Reading Room. If you agree to the following terms and conditions, go to Booked to make a reservation. Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.