       
  Welcome   2017 Edition    About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films    Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue    Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office   Welcome  2017 Edition   About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films   Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue   Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office  

 Festival Staff                                                                      Dipti Gupta: Member of the Programming Committee and the Organizing Committee
Dipti teaches in the department of Cinema and Communication at Dawson College, Montreal. She also teaches Art forms of Bollywood cinema at Concordia University. She is an active board member of Teesri Duniya theatre since 1992.
Karan Singh: Member of the Programming Committee and the Organizing Committee
Karan is a Montreal based writer/filmmaker and his short films have screened in multiple community film festivals around the world. His work aims to explore the tenacity and fragility of the human condition and he is currently working on his first feature film project – Mon frère Mikail. Kanita Ahmed: Member of the Organizing Comittee
Kanita is a board member of the Kabir Centre and works at McGill University. She is passionate about South Asian art, literature and cinema. Swati Khanna: Member of the Organizing Committee
In a career spanning over a decade in India, Swati acquired experience ranging from conceptualization to scripting, shooting and post-production and was one of the most talented professionals of the media industry. As the Creative Director for Colors ( General Entertainment Channel ) in the Non-Fiction Programming Team, Swati has helmed superhit reality shows like Dancing with the Stars , Fear Factor and many big Award shows. In her roles at other national networks like NDTV and MTV, Swati has handled all aspects of Television Production. Swati is currently working with Teesri Duniya Theatre in Montreal and is thrilled to join the organizing team of SAFFMontreal 2017. Jayanta Guha: Coordinator of the festival at Chicoutimi, in collaboration with the animation team of Saguenay Libraries and Kabir Centre for Arts & Culture, Montreal. Claudia Chabot – Présidente d’honneur for the festival at Chicoutimi Aida Karkas
Astha Agarwal
Banasree Bhattacharya
Bibi Emina
Elizabeth Pinault
Eloisa Rios
Gaëlle Elma
Harleen Bhogal
Jessica Meredith Beausoleil
Keresa Kanagarajan
Lakshminarayana Nemani
Laurence Drolet
Mehar Gujral