       
  Welcome   2017 Edition    About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films    Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue    Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office   Welcome  2017 Edition   About  Festival Staff  Fund-raising Committee  Jury  Panelists  Partners  Festival Donors  Films   Films – Montreal  Films – Chicoutimi  Calendar & Venue   Calendar & Venue – Montreal  Calendar & Venue – Chicoutimi  Box Office  

 Films – Montreal  

  FESTIVAL PASSPORT Festival passport gives you admission for all sessions over the two weekends. 

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

                                                                                         Festival passport gives you admission for all sessions over the two weekends. To be bought online not later than Oct 26, 2017.
General Admission – $31.14 (including taxes and service fees) OCTOBER, 27 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Urdu, with English subtitles
Time: 7 mins Ticket for MANTO & CINEMA TRAVELLERS – $7 This clip is from Manto, an upcoming Indian biographical historical period drama film, written and directed by Nandita Das. The film stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui in the title character of Indo-Pakistani author and writer Saadat Hasan Manto. OCTOBER, 27 2017 | 7:00 pm Languages: Hindi, Marathi with English subtitles
Time: 96 mins Ticket for MANTO & CINEMA TRAVELLERS – $7 Cannes prize-winning Cinema Travellers is a journey with the traveling cinemas of India, which brings the wonder of the movies to faraway villages annually. Cinema Travellers accompanies a shrewd exhibitor, a benevolent showman and a maverick projector mechanic who bear a beautiful burden – to keep the last traveling cinemas of the world running. OCTOBER, 28 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: English
Time: Around 90 mins including excerpts and discussions with diaspora filmmakers Ticket for ESCAPING AGRA AND OTHER SHORTS – 0$ Escaping Agra is a short documentary about Naveen Bhat, who is trapped in India after their parents find out about their gender and sexual orientation, and their journey to battle them in court and piece their life back together. OCTOBER, 28 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: English
Time: 77 mins Ticket for RANDOM ACTS OF LEGACY – $7 Random Acts of Legacy: What emerges from a pile of deteriorating 16mm home movies spanning from 1936 to 1951, is a moving story of a Chinese American family set against the backdrop of race and class in Chicago, and one collector’s obsession with the 1933-4 World’s Fair. Rescued from an online auction, the filmmakers’ quest to make meaning of this Chinese American family’s early home movies connects him with Irena Lum – the surviving daughter of graphic artist and collector, Silas Henry Fung. Intertwining a first-person narrative as an outside witness with family accounts and other commentators, Kazimi weaves a rich tapestry of the life of an unusually wealthy family of colour from the Depression era. The retrieved footage offers an intimate and radically different visual perspective on the Chinese American community in Chicago – with a surprising feminist twist. Visually rich and textured, unafraid to show the decaying patina of a family archive, Random Acts of Legacy revels in the making of home movies and memory. OCTOBER, 29 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: Bengali, with English subtitles
Time: 6 mins Ticket for UNDER THE UMBRELLA, NORMALCY & FROM THE LAND OF GANDHI – $7 Meet Saidur, a Bangladeshi, Muslim rickshaw driver. Saidur, who pedals his rickshaw rain or shine, through the streets of Dhaka, shares his views about money, religion and life. OCTOBER, 29 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: Tamil, with English subtitles
Time: 14 mins Courtesy the KASHISH Global Initiative, this is a documentary on everyday life of a woman as a wife and a student. She struggles for a normal life overcoming prejudices of her gender and sexuality. OCTOBER, 29 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: English
Time: 48 mins Ticket for UNDER THE UMBRELLA, NORMALCY & FROM THE LAND OF GANDHI – $7 Today a skilled-immigrant from India could wait 20+ years to be a full member of US society, tied to an employer, unable to change career or start a business, and living temporarily in mind. This story of 4 immigrants puts a human face to a million dreams waiting for freedom. OCTOBER, 29 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Urdu with English subtitles
Time: 10 mins Ticket for HELLHOLE & BILLION COLOUR STORY – $7 Hellhole is a short silent film based on the life of conservancy workers, better known as gutter cleaners as seen through the life and oft forgotten humanity of one such worker. OCTOBER, 29 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: English, Hindi, Urdu with English subtitles
Time: 105 mins Ticket for HELLHOLE & BILLION COLOUR STORY – $7 Seen through the eyes of an innocent, but typical 21st century Indian child born of an inter-religion marriage, A Billion Colour Story is a simple tale, told with a complete absence of frills. It is a story about colour, with colour being at the core of every part of its narrative, while being shot in pristine Black & White. NOVEMBER, 3 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Hindi, with English subtitles
Time: 30 mins Ticket for TRANSINDIA & KALO POTHI – $7 Courtesy the KASHISH Global Initiative, TRANSINDIA is a moving documentary exploring the Transgender community also known as Hijras, in Ahmedabad, India. Transindia takes you on a journey on their true lifestyles, a discovery of their beliefs and cultures. NOVEMBER, 3 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Nepalese, subtitles in French
Time: 90 mins Ticket for TRANSINDIA & KALO POTHI – $7 In a little Nepalese village, Prakash and Kiran, two inseparable friends hail from two different castes. They both decide to raise a hen, to make some money by selling its eggs. The hen disappears, and the two embark of a journey in its search, oblivious of the dangers of fragile ceasefire in a civil war that has engulfed their country. NOVEMBER, 4 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: no dialogues
Time: 20 mins Ticket for CHAFA & BALLAD OF MALADIES – $7 Reality and routine has its own pace and novelty. The place we live in, plays a vital role in our lives, not only because we can be found, but surroundings do shape our behaviour and responses. There are moments where the line between reality and illusion gets blurred and Chafa delves into these blurred lines where we try to figure out what’s better for us, the reality or illusion. NOVEMBER, 4 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: English, Urdu with English subtitles
Time: 85 mins Ticket for CHAFA & BALLAD OF MALADIES – $7 The film captures the struggle of the artists and the musicians who continue to engage in negotiations with questions of survival and freedom in heavily-militarised Kashmir. The film showcases the transformation of the cultural scene in the valley from its traditional poetry and Sufiana into hip-hop. NOVEMBER, 4 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: English, Hindi, Marathi with English subtitles
Time: 11 mins Ticket for ANY OTHER DAY & LIPSTICK UNDER MY BURKHA – $7 Courtesy the KASHISH Global Initiative:
Where are we to turn when the ones sworn to protect us are the ones against whom we must be protected? It was just another day for Kabir and Arnav. But their lives take a turn for the worse when two cops decide to make a spectacle of them. As the night unfolds, help comes from an unlikely source who goes on to unmasks the hypocrisy of our society. NOVEMBER, 4 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Hindi with French and English subtitles
Time: 117 mins Ticket for ANY OTHER DAY & LIPSTICK UNDER MY BURKHA – $7 Trapped in their own worlds, four women claim their desires through secret acts of rebellion In rural India, a burkha-clad college girl struggles with issues of cultural identity and her aspirations to become a pop singer. A young two-timing beautician seeks to escape the claustrophobia of her small town. An oppressed housewife and mother of three lives the alternate life of an enterprising saleswoman. A 55-year-old widow rediscovers her sexuality through a phone romance. Caught in a conservative society, these women set forth to break the mold, in search of a little freedom. NOVEMBER, 5 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: English, Hindi with English subtitles
Time: 20 mins Ticket for SHUT UP & WALNUT TREE – $7 Set amidst a society teetering on the edge of extremism and paranoia, the story is about one day in the life of a regular guy who decides to join a free-speech protest on the streets, but finds a revolution in the most unusual of places. NOVEMBER, 5 2017 | 3:00 pm Language: Urdu with English subtitles
Time: 81 mins Ticket for SHUT UP & WALNUT TREE – $7 An old man reminisces about a distant homeland. He wants to return. Internally displaced as a result of the ongoing war between the Pakistan army and the Taliban and forced to live in a camp, the family is caught between memories of what life was, an insecure present and a bleak future. NOVEMBER, 5 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Urdu, with English subtitles
Time: 15 mins Ticket for SCHOOL BAG & MUKTI BHAWAN – $7 The School Bag is a drama about surprises we plan and the ones we can’t even imagine. Watch this tale about Faaruq and his mother that will make you question the world we live in. NOVEMBER, 5 2017 | 7:00 pm Language: Hindi, with English subtitles
Time: 103 mins Ticket for SCHOOL BAG & MUKTI BHAWAN – $7 Rajiv is forced to drop everything in order to accommodate his father’s last and bizarre wish to travel to Varanasi to attain salvation. The trip that follows forces the duo to re-engage with each other and the world around them in this heart-warming comedy.