 Posted on October 22, 2017  Posted on February 26, 2017  Posted on January 25, 2017  Posted on October 23, 2016  Posted on November 3, 2015    In these three videos, students from Arts and Science, John Molson School of Business, and the Faculty of Fine Arts speak about their experiences with part-time faculty at Concordia who are innovators in the classroom, professionals with important community and industry ties, and champions of student welfare.  Lucinda, Camille and Daniel from CUPFA on Vimeo.  Isabella and Pamela from CUPFA on Vimeo.  Abel and Paul from CUPFA on Vimeo. Director – Monique Moumblow
Director of Photography – Bryan Wilkat
Assistant Camera – Annie Hunting
Audio Recording – Steve Bates and Annie Hunting
Editor – Lorraine Oades
Original Music – David Szesztay
Executive Producer – Lorraine Oades
Producer – CUPFA Continue reading  John Boulay teaches courses in sports trauma at Concordia. He regularly trains therapists worldwide including Cirque du Soleil, junior-major hockey and NHL, CFL. He is the founding president of the Quebec Sports Medicine Council. He was the National and Olympic team therapist and chair of sports medicine and science committee for Judo Canada from 1985-2008. He has been a Canadian Medical Team member on numerous multi-sport games including Olympic Games: Vancouver 2010, Athens 2004, Sydney 2000. > Read More Continue reading  Mina Yazdanpanah teaches Digital Signal Processing (ELEC6601) at Concordia University. She received her PhD from the Electrical & Computer Engineering department at Concordia University in 2012. Her research specialty is Advanced Techniques for Optimizing Wireless Communication Networks. She received her MA Sc in Electrical Engineering from Concordia, with the specialty in Wireless Telecommunications. She also holds a BSc in Electronic Engineering from the Isfahan University of Technology, Iran. > Read More Continue reading  In Working Together to Build a Better Future full-time faculty and members of the upper administration talk about the unique qualities part-time faculty bring to the university and how we give meaning to applied pedagogy, whether through our teaching and research, or in our professional standing outside the University.
> Read More Continue reading  Building a Better Future was produced by CUPFA for our 25th Anniversary in order to increase the university community’s awareness of the significant contributions, talents, and dynamic energy that part-time faculty bring to the university.  It features Mahmood Moghaddam (English), Kathleen MacDonald (Classics), Peter Elenakis (Marketing), Manon De Pauw (Studio Arts) and François Bastien (Management and First Nations Program).
> Read More Continue reading Office Hours
Monday – Thursday
9 am to 4 pm 2150 Bishop, S-K-310
Montreal, Quebec  H3G 1M8 Telephone
514-848-2424-3691 Facsimile
514-848-3648