 Upload Vimeo Help More Upgrade 
            Language:
            English
 Mature content filter:  Last Updated: January 2013 
                Vimeo uses cookies on Vimeo.com and related domains and applications (the “Vimeo Service”). By using the Vimeo Service, you consent to the use of cookies. If you are embedding the Vimeo video player on your website, you should make appropriate disclosures about cookies to your users.
             
                This Cookie Policy is part of our Privacy Policy and explains:
             
                A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser that allows Vimeo or a third party to recognize you.  Cookies might be used for the following purposes:  (1) to enable certain functions; (2) to provide analytics; (3) to store your preferences; and (4) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising.
             
                Cookies can either be session cookies or persistent cookies.  A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser.  A persistent cookie will remain until it expires or you delete your cookies.  Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years.  Cookies placed by the website you’re visiting are sometimes called “first party cookies,” while cookies placed by other companies are sometimes called “third party cookies.”
             
                When you use the Vimeo Service or visit a webpage with a Vimeo video, Vimeo or a third party may place a number of cookies in your browser.  Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used.  You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list.  We update this list quarterly, so there may be additional cookies that aren’t yet listed.
             
                Each cookie serves one of four different purposes:
             These first party cookies allow you to use a feature of the Vimeo Service, such as: These first party cookies store your Vimeo Service preferences, such as: These third party cookies are placed by advertising platforms or networks in order to: 
                Third party companies like analytics companies and ad networks generally use cookies to collect user information on an anonymous basis.  They may use that information to build a profile of your activities on the Vimeo Service and other websites that you’ve visited.   You can learn more about how these companies use your information by visiting the privacy policies listed in our cookie list.
             
                If you don’t like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies.  To learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser.  Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
             
                You may also opt out of third party cookies by following the instructions provided by each third party in its privacy policy.  Please see our cookie list for links to the third party privacy policies.  Some third party ad networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI).  You can visit the NAI’s website to find out how to opt out of members’ cookies.
             
                We use additional technologies to help track user activities and preferences.  For example, we use web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs).  Web beacons are tiny graphics (about the size of period) with a unique identifier that are embedded invisibly on web pages or emails.  They are used to track user activities and communicate with cookies.  You cannot opt out of web beacons used in webpages, but you can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with.  You can opt out of web beacons used in emails by setting your email client to render emails in text mode only.  Finally, we use local storage to facilitate certain functions, but we do not retain the data captured via local storage.
             
                You may learn more about cookies and how to opt out of them by visiting the following third party websites:
             
                If you have any questions about our Cookie Policy, you may contact us by email or by writing to us at:
             Share the love: refer a friend and get $50 TM + © 2017 Vimeo, Inc. All rights reserved.