 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges free of charge free     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter  If
you want to request a journal article or a book from another (non-Concordia) library or institution,  use the  Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada   If you select this option, you will receive a digital copy via email.  If you select this option, the entire volume of the periodical, in print or microform, 
will be transferred from one library to another, and you will be sent a pickup notice. 
           To begin, select the item you want to request: Articles and chapters from Concordia's collection of books and print or microform periodicals (ex: journals, magazines, newspapers and conferences) can be scanned and sent to you as a PDF attachment via e-mail. Bound periodicals and periodicals on microform can be transferred to Vanier
or Webster for pickup. All services are free of charge.   If
you want to request a journal article or a book from another (non-Concordia) library or institution,  use the  InterLibrary Loans form.  Call us at 514-848-2424 ext. 7700 (Webster) or 7766 (Vanier) or contact us by email. Concordia primary users (currently registered students, faculty, retired faculty, and staff) in good standing can use the service, which is free. Requests are normally only filled during regular working hours (9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday). You will normally be notified via email within 2 working days that your request is ready; if there is a problem with your request, we will also contact you within 2 working days. Your item will be held for 3 days if it is a bound periodical or microfilm.  Copies will be made in compliance with the Canadian Copyright Act, as well as the university's 
Policy on Copyright Compliance. 
Works obtained through this service are protected by copyright and should be used for personal research and/or private study only. 
 Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.