 Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Study resources Campus services What's New Faculties, Schools & Colleges Issued by: Issued Date: Submission Deadline: Call to: Commission and Artist Fees: The deadline for this call for proposal has been extended to November 24, 2017 at 11:59 pm. Commission and Artist Fees: Eligibility Requirements Submission Deadline: Installation: Information Form Project approach (750 words and 4 visuals maximum) Technical approach (2 pages maximum) Digital image work samples CV or Artist statement     Renew books and more Reserve a space for your group online Request books from external libraries Manage your citations and create bibliographies Request a PDF of an article we have in our physical collection Upload documents to print on campus Online course readings Deposit a thesis or article   

  

  

    Print Email Facebook Twitter Issued by: Concordia University Library Issued Date: October 17, 2017 Submission Deadline: November 14, 2017 Extended to November 24, 2017 at 11:59 pm Call to: Members of the Concordia University community and affiliated Commission and Artist Fees: up to $8,000 CAD Eligibility Requirements  Open to artists, content creators and
		teams in the Concordia Community or with a Concordia affiliation (alumni,
		fulltime and part-time students, faculty, staff, etc.) Submission Deadline: November 14, 2017 Extended to November 24, 2017 at 11:59 pm Back to top Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada Provide feedback Montreal Quebec Canada Montreal Quebec Canada    “Vis Studio Project Proposal - Your Name” Shortlisted candidates may be invited for an interview.          Commission and Artist Fees:  up to $8,000 CAD The deadline for this call for proposal has been extended to November 24, 2017 at 11:59 pm. The Concordia Library is seeking to commission a content creator or team to
	create an engaging custom public audio-visual art piece to celebrate the launch
	of the Visualization Studio and the completion of the Webster Library renovation.
	The visualization will be displayed on the touch-interactive wall of the
	Visualization Studio, on the third floor of the Webster Library, and will be
	visible to all visitors. It will be one of the main visualizations showcasing
	the new space. The Concordia Library welcomes artists, creatives, scientists, engineers,
		interdisciplinary scholars to apply and encourages bold, creative and playful projects.
Applications will be open until November 24, 2017, at 11:59 pm, and can be submitted by email.
 Selected works must be operational by March 2017. Installation: March 2018 The Visualization Studio is a visualization environment; an innovative,
	collaborative and interdisciplinary creative facility for research, teaching
	and learning, situated in the Webster Library.
 The Visualization Studio supports new and experimental modes of research,
	emerging technologies and interdisciplinary collaborative work; and offers
	immersive visualizations and visualization analytics.
 The studio will open its doors in February 2018. To celebrate the Library’s recent renovation, the Concordia Library is looking
	for creative members of the Concordia community -- designers, scientists, engineers,
	creatives, artist groups, etc. -- to create an audiovisual or visual piece to
	display on the Visualization Studio’s interactive wall. The commission piece will
	mark the launch of the Visualization Studio and will be used to showcase the potential
	of the studio and its interactive wall. The selected work will also be presented to a
	passing audience. Artwork on the Visualization Studio’s interactive wall can function as a form
	of communication to an audience in transit through the Library, with the goal
	of creating a vibrant and interesting environment. Successful content submissions must be innovative in design and engaging.
Submissions that are interactive, playful and immersive are encouraged.
 Selected submissions will be used to showcase the space as one of the main
	demo pieces in the Visualization Studio, and will be displayed on the interactive
	wall outside of work hours and when the studio is not in use. This means that submissions must be first and foremost functional as standalones
	without any technical supervision, and must run from the graphical workstation,
	which is the main computer in the Visualization Studio. Pieces can be augmented
	with VR, interactivity and sensors, but must remain functional as a plug-and-play
	function so they can be put on display and occupy the whole wall when the studio is locked.
 Applicants whose work is selected will be asked to showcase a prototype in January 2018.
	The final piece must be operational by March 2018. The Visualization Studio is 36 ft wide and 25 ft long. There is a 23 ft wide window opposite the interactive wall, which interfaces with the hallway.   
The interactive wall display will remain turned on outside of opening hours and will act as a digital space for public exhibits, public art, etc.
  The selected applicant or team will receive funding of up to $8,000 CAD to produce their proposed work.   Applicants must be affiliated with Concordia (Faculty, students, staff) or partnered with Concordia members. This invitation is open to creative applicants from all backgrounds and disciplines. To submit a proposal, please prepare the following material (maximum 8 pages): The deadline to submit a proposal has been extended to November 24, 2017, at 11:59 pm. Please send your completed submission by email to tina.salameh@concordia.ca, with the subject line “Vis Studio Project Proposal - Your Name”. Please zip all documents in one folder.
 The successful candidate (or team) will be selected by a jurying process and will be notified by December 12, 2017, at the latest.
 Shortlisted candidates may be invited for an interview. If you require further information please contact Tina Salameh by emailing tina.salameh@concordia.ca or calling 514.848.2424 ext 7621. Thanks for your time. Please select your area of feedback.